I expected to be disappointed, but this movie delivers on all fronts. Thanos is genuinely a revelation and thankfully not only feels completely real in the CGI sense but also capture every last detail of Brolin's performance. I was completelyI expected to be disappointed, but this movie delivers on all fronts. Thanos is genuinely a revelation and thankfully not only feels completely real in the CGI sense but also capture every last detail of Brolin's performance. I was completely engrossed for the entire movie. The Russo's wield their own Infinity Gauntlet over the Marvel Universe with absolute control. My only reservation is whether the consequences will stick in the next part; I hope they remain brave and leave some in place. Superb!… Expand
Marvel definitely has now solved their villain problem. I thought I had this film all figured out since usually all MCU films have a rather predictable formula. Nothing wrong with that though. This film throws the formula away and changesMarvel definitely has now solved their villain problem. I thought I had this film all figured out since usually all MCU films have a rather predictable formula. Nothing wrong with that though. This film throws the formula away and changes things up in many ways. This was a great breathe of fresh air in terms of storytelling. Yes the marvel trademarks are there still but the waybthe film was structured was far different that other MCU films prior and this is why it’s very special. The 3rd act was the epitome of a nail biter and the ending shocked even me a long time Marvel comics fans. I didn’t think they’d a tully do what they did. The entire film was a rollercoaster ride. A must see!!!… Expand
The principal reason that this movie worked out so well is because you literally care about every single one of them, you care about them and feel for them. The fact that we already know all the characters very well is just so awesome, likeThe principal reason that this movie worked out so well is because you literally care about every single one of them, you care about them and feel for them. The fact that we already know all the characters very well is just so awesome, like you feel that they are your friends and you are part of them and they a part of you.The story of the movie is very simple, is basically Thanos, the big titan, going after all the 6 infinity stones for him to be able to balance the universe, so our heroes unite to do their best to stop him.For a super-hero to be that good, it is extremely important for the villain to be good, for him no to be generic, and with happiness i say that he is perfect in every aspect. I'm gonna start with the most important, he is not that generic villain that want to destroy the universe just for this very reason, he does have a motivation, a rational reason that does make a lot of sense, you probably don't agree but surely buy the idea, because makes sense and it is in our day to day life. His personality is on point, the character can pass his ideas clearely, he does have charisma and among the villains some unique characteristics, he can express emotions better than a bunch of main characters in other movies. He is scary, you can see how powerful he is and how he is getting stronger during the movie, in some moments that you can just hear his steps, you squirms out of tension, in some moments you can see in his face that he is angry and is so notable how different things get whe he is like that, just at the beginning it does show how mighty he is.They gave him a background, wich helped to make us care about him to.The expressions that Josh Brolin had was so much on point. His Cgi is insanely great, it is so good that doesn't even seem that it is a cgi character, you completely forgets that it is fake. He did had a nice arc.The Black Order characters are all well designed and all had their moments, but only fauce de ebano were well developed, he did had his speech, kid of had a background and all of his moments were dope.The film splits into nuclei, all the heroes start isolated from eachother and posteriorly some end up finding others, and the 2h30min of movie help to it to happen in the most natural way as possible. The presentation of each core is done with mastery, inserting the audience into the language of the original film, whether through colors, as in the case of Asgard, or music, with the Guardians of the Galaxy and Wakanda. The movie does have a nice balance between comedy and drama, even that are some jokes that felt out of place, in the most they did worked and didn't disturb the tone of the movie, it still serious and with consequences. The movie has gigantic scales, it is not like any other movie that you did watched for sure, it is different thant any other, and this is another important factor that makes it so great. One of the best actions that i have ever seen, the movie is so happy in doing the heroes work together and use their powers together, it did make some iconic moments and very memorable scenes. And are moments that are like Lord of the Rings, a giant and stunning war, that i can't talk a lot about it to not spoil.It definely shocked me much more than i expected, there are so many surprises, it is like a napalm, there is so much happening and is so fast and so burner at the same time. Some action scenes just made my hole movie session scream like crazy. The interaction between the characters and the personality shock was done with maestry, they gave time for them to meet up and not feel weird that they are cooperating, all felt organic.If there is some bad things about the movie ? Yes, in some specific moments the cgi doesn't worked and is possibly that it took you off the movie a bit. Some things about the story doesn't make a lot of sense to me, but isn't that crucial and will not ruin the movie to anyone.You do feel the break from one nucleus to the other, i believe that could have had some better transitions, but i get that it is very complicated. There is one specific relationship that i believe that could have been more explored for us to feel kind of how Thanos was feeling in that moment.It did creates nostalgia with interactions of old characters and excitement with the new cross-overs.One thing that this movie can do to us, is let us apprehensives, considering how big of a treat that Thanos is you fear for the life of literally every single one, this kind of thing doesn't happens in almost none super hero movie. It is surely the most shocking Marvel movie.The movie is very creative whe it is about on the using of the power of the stones. It did had moments that happened things that you could never see it coming.Avengers Infinity War, does not have a great story, but is fun and show that not every super hero movie needs to be the same.… Expand
Michael Bay meets Avengers. There's a reason Bruce Willis said explosions are stupid and boring. Would you ever read a book about random superheroes fighting from the beginning to the end with literally not storytelling? CGI and boombastic scenes does not make a movie more interesting to anyone who has ever watched a few movies before.In a story drown 6 foots under by a bajillion plot holes, it's hard to take the movie seriously. Not to mention, for anyone who has ever read/watched at least a single piece of fiction, it's obvious all the heroes who died at the end of the movie are going to come back rendering the weight of anything that happens meaningless. Why can't movies do anything better than create a stupid villain with little to no background as a plot-device for its movie. What happens when no villains are around? Is there a constant influx of supervillains wishing for world destruction coming out of a portal every single day in these dumb universes?If a game attempted a similar storyline, it would get bashed seriously and receive a trash score. However, just because the name Marvel is stamped on the product, it instantly becomes a 10/10 by any fanboy regardless of the content.Spoiler alert: Avengers 100th movie is still going to be against a villain that makes no sense just for the sake of having a plot device to insert an infinite amount of CGI crap. Here's an idea for you, make them throw universes at themselves for more explosions next time around. Please bring more cliche stories, we don't have enough of these already.… Expand
Marvel has managed to surround this movie with secrecy and there are multiple reasons why this was a great idea. This is why you should stay away from all spoilers. One thing that should be said though, is that no one can prepare you for thisMarvel has managed to surround this movie with secrecy and there are multiple reasons why this was a great idea. This is why you should stay away from all spoilers. One thing that should be said though, is that no one can prepare you for this movie. Celebrating a decade long era, “Infinity War” delivers on all fronts, offering both fan-pleasing material, while also including some shocking and heartbreaking twists and moments. To quote Thanos: It’s perfectly balanced.… Expand
This movie is absolutely marvelous ! from the beginning to end, full on mind blowing actions ,hilarious  scenes And funny dialogues .Fast paced ; Highly engaging screenplay ; a lot of superheros in this movie! all are right fit ,everybody gotThis movie is absolutely marvelous ! from the beginning to end, full on mind blowing actions ,hilarious  scenes And funny dialogues .Fast paced ; Highly engaging screenplay ; a lot of superheros in this movie! all are right fit ,everybody got their wonderful moments ! Stunning cinematography , great background score work . AND well talented perfect direction to this gigantic film !  INFINITY WAR IS OUTSTANDING ,EMOTIONAL, SHOCKING AND SPECTACULAR BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENTMY RATING -9.8 OUT OF 10 !!!… Expand
Infinity War is the pinnacle of what blockbuster films should be. Directed by the Russo brothers, they manage to achieve the almost impossible feat of culminating all the characters and their stories into one epic film. The action, theInfinity War is the pinnacle of what blockbuster films should be. Directed by the Russo brothers, they manage to achieve the almost impossible feat of culminating all the characters and their stories into one epic film. The action, the characters, the story and the overall experience is spectacular to behold. Each characters has their own moment to shine, as we see new fun and somewhat emotional interactions between characters and story arcs that pay off as the film progresses . The result is a film that often feels surprisingly earnest and emotional. It pays off our emotional investment into these great characters over each of the 18 previous films through a great culmination of storytelling. The humor we have come to expect in Marvel films is lively and full of banter, particularly between Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr) and Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), and the quick-fire interplay between Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and the Guardians of the Galaxy. Unlike Marvel's cascade of villains who are turned secondary to their superhero counterparts, Thanos (Josh Brolin) is the central character in this epic, with a moral compass that is beyond what many might expect. Whilst he may seem to be the most demonic villain that the Avengers have come across, he is by far and away the most complex of them all, testament to the directing and writing of the film. There's a lot going on in this movie, with many scenes occurring almost simultaneously, leaving the ending on a much vague yet appropriate cliffhanger. Overall, Infinity War epitomizes the perfect blockbuster film that ends in poetic grace and is sure to leave you questioning what will happen next.… Expand
Avengers Infinity War is another gamble of sort by Marvel Studios.  It is an astonishing film that assumes that you have seen and is a fan of the 18 MCU films before it. It is not a film that can stood by itself,   It is a culmination of 10Avengers Infinity War is another gamble of sort by Marvel Studios.  It is an astonishing film that assumes that you have seen and is a fan of the 18 MCU films before it. It is not a film that can stood by itself,   It is a culmination of 10 years worth of 'hard work', interconnected story lines, multiple characters that define the MCU.  It is also a film that shows us that Marvel is so way above the curve in comparison to other studios that tries to establish an inter connected universe.  It also ends in a gut wrenching third act that segue in the 4th, yet untitled Avengers film.  Believe me, things will go bad, with many comparing this to the level of Empire Strikes Back.  Acting wise: Josh Brolin is an absolute stand out as Thanos, the main villain. He is the best villain the whole MCU.  The rest of the casts are no slouch either, balancing humor and tragedy in equal measure. The action sequences are also astonishing, with a higher stake: our heroes can and will die in this installment.  An absolute classic that ranks as the best MCU flick by far.… Expand
one of The best Superhero movie of all time, the character are connected each other, the CGI is just perfect, and the story was mind blowing, this movie will five you sensation riding roller coaster, fell depressed, fear , fun , and tears allone of The best Superhero movie of all time, the character are connected each other, the CGI is just perfect, and the story was mind blowing, this movie will five you sensation riding roller coaster, fell depressed, fear , fun , and tears all the way, some people need to watch the movie at least twice for understanding the story.… Expand
"Avengers: Infinity War" celebrates the first decade of the Marvel Cinematic Universe while building up to the grand finale of the first era of the franchise and conclusion of its third phase.The Avengers team up with the Guardians of the"Avengers: Infinity War" celebrates the first decade of the Marvel Cinematic Universe while building up to the grand finale of the first era of the franchise and conclusion of its third phase.The Avengers team up with the Guardians of the Galaxy to stop Thanos from collecting all the Infinity Stones and destroying half the universe. That's all that you know before seeing this film, but there is a lot more going on, so make sure you avoid all spoilers.The film offers humorous and fun moments by teaming up several of the cast members together, but it also completely breaks your heart and soul with some truly unexpected, dark and shocking turns. It's also a large scale production, with the Russo brothers offering their best directing yet. As a whole, this manages to top my personal list of MCU films and comic book based films in general, giving the promise of the next chapter to be even greater, if possible.… Expand
This is not a standard superhero movie. Nearly all of the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies from the past ten years have led up to this one. So you should watch all of those before you start watching Infinity War. Because this movie doesn'tThis is not a standard superhero movie. Nearly all of the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies from the past ten years have led up to this one. So you should watch all of those before you start watching Infinity War. Because this movie doesn't give you time to breath and catch up. Loads of characters, settings, items, references of which the movie assumes that you are familiar with them. It's a rollercoaster that doesn't let up.  After preparing for ages, Thanos is making his last moves. He is coming. Dread it, run from it, destiny still arrives. Dread. That word actually describes this movie really well. From the very first scene you already know that the stakes are enormous, the threat is immediate and all encompassing, and stopping Thanos truly feels like the greatest challenge in the universe. There are still jokes, heartfelt moments, marvelous special effects and hilarious jokes. Like you would expect from any MCU movie. And amazing special effects, scenery, tech ...There are loads of characters and none of them get a lot of screen time, yet there's still character development (naturally not for all of them, not even for all heroes).This is also a movie about decisions and choices. My only gripe with the movie is that some of those decisions and their consequences break my suspension of disbelief. The fate of the universe is at stake people, come on ... are you really going to do that?! After two days, I'm still processing the movie and may 3 2019 can't be there fast enough to conclude phase three of the MCU.It's a different kind of superhero movie and it's amazing. Go watch it.… Expand
Thanos is a God now :D I don't want to spoil it. It was amazing I will most definitely be watching it like 10 more times
FINALLY.. It’s SPOILER-FREE so Go Ahead..We’ve waited 10 years for this Mega Showdown.. Well, I’ll say, Worth The Wait.. The Debts been paid off.. :B It’s MASSIVE.. Huge Sets, Awesome Cinematography, Fantastic Actors, Characters we’ve knownFINALLY.. It’s SPOILER-FREE so Go Ahead..We’ve waited 10 years for this Mega Showdown.. Well, I’ll say, Worth The Wait.. The Debts been paid off.. :B It’s MASSIVE.. Huge Sets, Awesome Cinematography, Fantastic Actors, Characters we’ve known since the first Iron-Man.. All in One movie, Together.. Fangasm.. :3So, the story was so secret nobody knew what’s gonna happen.. except the Director-duo & the editor.. But Thanos is Bad news for the Avengers.. It’s not Spoiler, guys, you know it.. He can wipe out half the universe with just the snap of his fingers.. Just like that..Thanos is the Mad Titan as they say.. He won’t listen to anybody.. He’s Ruthless.. Wants to collect all 6 Infinity stones to rule the Universe as he see fit.. Can he manage to do that.? Well the movie has been made to get some answers.. So Go.. Get them..~ Starky, Ma Man RDJ in the house, baby.. uh-ah.. Started this MCU journey with the first Iron-Man.. Glad that happened..So perfect Starky.. :B~ Thor, Hemsworth.. He’s a God.. Can’t say much.. ;) But He was Awesome..~ Banner, :D :D didn’t write Hulk there.. Watch the movie.. Ruffalo was so funny.. He’s the Most Humorous Avenger (Of course after Starky)~ Cap Stave Rogers, as we live & breathe.. 150 year old dude, still kicking A.. THE BEST ENTRY ANY SUPERHERO COULD EVER HAD.. LOVE & SALUTE YOU, EVANS.. :B~ Natudi.. Romanoff.. How can one manage to stay Fit for that long.? Hats Off :B  ScarJo Forever :3 :*~ Doc, Betch of Cumber.. So Good.. Even his cloak had some funny moments like the movie Doctor Strange.. Time Stone did the Most Struggle..~ Spidey, Holland.. He got a new Suit.. Yaaayyyyy :D This is also not Spoiler.. Homecoming has this Coming here..~ BP, Black Panther, T’Challa, Boseman was So Good.. His personal bodyguard, Okoye, also was Very Good..~ Wanda, My Precious Witch.. :* Olsen is So Beautiful (& Powerful) Only She can save the Uni. But can she.?  Watch the movie..~ Rocket, Cooper was Hilarious.. :D Groot, Diesel.. Was playing video games half the time.. I AM GROOT.. ;)~ Gamora, Saldana.. Thanos’ daughter.. So, she had to be serious.. She was Good.. Bravo..~ Thanos, Brolin.. Did Excellent Job.. The Best Villain Marvel has shown on screen till now..~ There’re so Many Superheroes, I can’t write individually.. So..~ War Machine, Nebula, Loki, Vision, Falcon, Winter Soldier, Wong, Mantis, Heimdall, Drax, Pepper Potts.. All did Very Good Job..There are Many Surprises as the movie unfolds.. Guys, This Movie Is Worth The 10 Years Wait.. JUST GO & WATCH THE MOVIE.. YOU WON’T BE DISAPPOINTED.. That’s for Sure..First time in my life, Whole theatre was looking forward for the End credit scenes.. They sit till the end for the first time that I've experienced.. :)My Rating for the movie is *drum rolls*AWESOMETECULAR = AWESOME + SPECTACULAR (Yeah, It’s Stolen..)… Expand
Fantastic movie with a very detailed plot. Thanos also makes an amazing villain who believes what he is doing is best for the universe. Although there are so many major Marvel heroes the movie does not feel rushed or bloated
This movie has hit all points at the highest level. It was hilarious at some points while still being heartwrenching at others. It portrayed all of the MCU characters very well and gave all of them major rolls in the story while notThis movie has hit all points at the highest level. It was hilarious at some points while still being heartwrenching at others. It portrayed all of the MCU characters very well and gave all of them major rolls in the story while not overpowering any one of them. This movie took major risks and I believe that Marvel executed it to perfection.… Expand
Well play for the marvelverse, job is done, Thanos is great. Lot of places (space, earth, many planets, ...) but we alway understand the situation.
A compelling storyline, complex villain, and incredible ensemble make for an entertaining and enjoyable ride. This film is packed with jaw-dropping visuals, exciting action, and surprising twists that will keep viewers on the edge of theirA compelling storyline, complex villain, and incredible ensemble make for an entertaining and enjoyable ride. This film is packed with jaw-dropping visuals, exciting action, and surprising twists that will keep viewers on the edge of their seats from beginning to end. The film masterfully balances its numerous story arcs and characters to create a true spectacle that has never been done before. One of the true character standouts of the film is Thanos, portrayed by Josh Brolin. Brolin gives a compelling and heart wrenching performance as the film explores the trials and sacrifices Thanos must undergo as he travels the galaxy, hunting the six Infinity Stones. Other commendable performances in the film include Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man, Tom Holland as Spider-Man, Benedict Cumberbatch as Doctor Strange, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, and Chris Pratt as Star-Lord. Alan Silvestri's incredible score adds a deeper layer to the film's story and is truly one of his best yet. Overall, Avengers: Infinity War is filled with heart, humor, and sacrifice that help redefine what a hero should be. The Russo brothers have crafted an epic of galactic proportions that will have fans contemplating long after the credits roll.… Expand
Thanos is Right. Best villain ever! The film was a true master class for the genre. An amazing balancing act of tone, emotion, action, suspense and an a 3rd act that will leave you on the edge of your seat with an ending that will make your jaw drop
Infinity war is a movie with some good action, but incredibly poorly written and predictable plot. The whole movie feels like a huge shock factor stunt that aims to have emotional impact that weights down on the viewer but ultimately fallsInfinity war is a movie with some good action, but incredibly poorly written and predictable plot. The whole movie feels like a huge shock factor stunt that aims to have emotional impact that weights down on the viewer but ultimately falls flat. The only emotion I felt leaving the cinema was regret for spending my money and anger at the creators of Infinity War, because frankly, there was a time I used to enjoy the MCU and felt like this movie that wanted to represent the climax of all the previous 18 movies ended up being a huge let down.A small advice. Next time when you will again try to create a dark movie with emotional impact, Marvel, try to be a little bit less obvious with your intentions and don't spoil the movie yourself by announcing sequels for all the supposedly killed off heroes before their "sad deaths". Be so kind and leave at least a small benefit of the doubt for the viewers. How can we feel sorry for a character's death when we already know said character, no matter how tearful threir dying scene is, will be brought back in the next movie? Do you think so little of your own fanbase? We all know the reason to why only the newer characters (with confirmed sequels) disappeared and the original stayed. We understand all the characters who died after the snap and Gamora who was sacrificed to get the Soul Stone will be coming back. And that it will be by the original Avengers doing in the Avengers 4. We understand it is the original surviving Avengers who are in true danger of dying for real in the MCU in the coming Avengers 4.That makes the characters whose deaths were not inflicted by the Soul Stone or Infinity Gauntlet possibly the only permanent deaths of Infinity War. At least Marvel gave us the benefit of the doubt there. You would think that it's these deaths Marvel takes extra care to make them be felt hard? Well, then you are sadly mistaken. The possible permanent deaths on the list include Heimdall, Loki & Vision (Vision is AI, he can be saved in some way by Tony or Shuri), so characters who were killed off quickly without an afterthought in an opening scene!!! And in this light it brings the IW movie even lower.Always when character gets killed for a shock factor, with the only purpose to show how powerful the newest villain is (I see you Warriors Three), I cringe. As I have already stated, shock factor deaths are just a result of awful screenwriting. Hey Marvel, if you want to create a truly awesome, fear inducing villain, there are better ways to do it. Have you forgot everything about character building? The irony Marvel decided to kill off in this manner its arguably most complex & popular villainous character makes it even worse. Loki was  introduced to us as a powerful magician who could trick even Odin, shapeshifter, user of telepathy, telekinesis, with inborn elementary ice magic, high intellect, manipulative deceiving skills who used to wield not one, but two infinity stones. Loki had Space Stone in his possession, he knew Thanos is coming for years and had time to prepare himself. Yet Loki is not shown fighting or using any of his skills.If someone told me before the IW that Marvel will make Loki go against Thanos with nothing but dagger out of all his skills, I would have laughed. Sorry but to give the very character that once threatened the whole planet of Earth and was the very reason project Avengers was created such a poor last stand was an awfully scripted mistake. Especially when he is the only big character truly dying in IW. The "no resurrection" remark as they felt the need to assure viewers that this time the trickster god is really gone was truly pathetic. And there is more than enough eye-roll inducing moments like this in IW movie.Gamora scene. That is HOW to make characters go with honour. Strong scene, with background story and fight. But again, I think she is coming back because her death is connected to the Soul Stone. If not, then this was the highlight of the movie. I sincerely doubt it tho.The only apspect I have praise for in this movie is the amazing acting. Marvel has put together incredibly talented cast and they are doing what they can to make the movie enjoyable. But their efforts are severely limited by the weak and predictable script. This has to be one of the worst movies in MCU.… Expand
Obvious. Not surprising. Consequences clearly are not permanent. Only Spidey, Strange, and Iron Man (who worked together apart from the other heroes for most of the movie) were interesting. The rest of the film was ponderous, depressing,Obvious. Not surprising. Consequences clearly are not permanent. Only Spidey, Strange, and Iron Man (who worked together apart from the other heroes for most of the movie) were interesting. The rest of the film was ponderous, depressing, obvious and slow. I really wish I had saved my time and money.… Expand
Epic.  I am not a huge MCU fan, but this was great.  Great villains and love how dark it gets.
Incredible!  Well-written, well-executed, stayed true to the characters, and somehow balanced the screen time for everyone.  I can't wait for the sequel!
Avengers: Infinity War just might be Marvel's greatest achievement yet. Somehow balancing a bunch of characters perfectly, giving us Marvel's best villain with Thanos, and gives us the spectacle we've been waiting for and much more.
This is the best of the Avengers movies.  Absolutely perfect execution and script.  #TeamThanos
Almost the PERFECT superhero movie.  So good, plot twists, action, everything!  Worst thing I can say is they did cram a lot into it, so at times feels rushed.  OMG though this solidifies MCU into LoTR and Original trilogy territory by FAR!
As someone who doesn't follow marvel comics or movie spoilers, this film shocked me in all the right ways. Kudos to the writers for balancing so many characters on a limited runtime. It never felt like there were too many or too few thingsAs someone who doesn't follow marvel comics or movie spoilers, this film shocked me in all the right ways. Kudos to the writers for balancing so many characters on a limited runtime. It never felt like there were too many or too few things going on at once.… Expand
This is probably my favorite marvel movie thus far. The action was good and the movie had a good mix of humor and emotion. And finally a marvel movie have a really good villain! The only negatives are that the movie felt a little bit tooThis is probably my favorite marvel movie thus far. The action was good and the movie had a good mix of humor and emotion. And finally a marvel movie have a really good villain! The only negatives are that the movie felt a little bit too predictable and some parts in the middle made me lose my interest at times.… Expand
Avengers Infinity war is a massive acheivment and worth the 10 year wait i hate that over 100 people on metacritic dosnt like this movie but its there opinion and i am not here to judge people. this movie really made me cry all the way to gamora dying to drax`s final words being Quill? and i cant belive finnaly a villian won and thanos deserves to win i have 1 complaint about this movie and that was why didnt doctor strange use the time stone but i come up with a theory that might make that be solved my theory is the the time stone can only be used with 2 people the one using it and trapping the in a time loop and the on in the time loop and that is it for me if you like this review i will be making more reviews in the future so bai bai i dont wanna go… Expand
Probably the only film of 2018 if not ever that's revenued over $2B worldwide, so there's no denying its popularity and repeat viewing. I, myself, thought it was a mess of tangled characters and half-a$$ed jokes, I mean, I just saw Deadpool 2Probably the only film of 2018 if not ever that's revenued over $2B worldwide, so there's no denying its popularity and repeat viewing. I, myself, thought it was a mess of tangled characters and half-a$$ed jokes, I mean, I just saw Deadpool 2 and there's a commitment to humor and pop-culture refs! I love how Thanos came across as a sympathetic figure. Finally, a superhero movie where the "good guys", even when all gang up on one figure, don't prevail. That's a bit of realism that's refreshing. I could nit pick here and there but overall I'm impressed with and have great respect for a production of this scale. Has there ever been a film with so many A-listers all vying for screen time?! And to add first-rate CGI also? The entire production staff - over 15000 according to end credits - really worked for their money on this one. BTW, the obtuse ending wasn't appreciated, why would they do that? I understand cliffhangers and loose ends but this particular ending just didn't square up with what preceded it.… Expand
Amazing movie. Had a couple kinda cringey parts, but nothing to distract from the awesomeness of the movie. The ending was something, and my score is higher because of it. One can only hope all Marvel movies can be this good (and with lessAmazing movie. Had a couple kinda cringey parts, but nothing to distract from the awesomeness of the movie. The ending was something, and my score is higher because of it. One can only hope all Marvel movies can be this good (and with less 'humor'). 9/10… Expand
Allow me to explain why I will not be seeing Endgame. No, it's not because of MRA rhetoric against Brie Larson, although that film's marketing certainly doesn't help. It's because this is all actually too stupid. Thanos's plan makes no ecological sense. The vast majority of living things are life-supporting microbes, and even if you make the concession that the Infinity Gauntlet could somehow differentiate species and halve each species, this is also a disaster because each higher level of a food chain requires exponentially more individuals in the lower levels due to energy transfers. On the other hand, assuming this isn't a problem, populations should be able to restore themselves in about two generations. In other words, no matter how you slice it, in the best case scenario Thanos's plan only works for about 50 years and in the worst case scenario it destabilizes all life in the universe, sending it spiraling out of control toward extinction. This is not the plan of a smart man.You may say, "but glib Metacritic reviewer, he is insane, this is why his plan does not make sense. He went crazy because everyone he knew died of resource scarcity." Well then why doesn't he just create infinite resources? Why doesn't he turn back time and just halve the population on Titan before everybody dies, then see that it doesn't actually do anything?Meanwhile, the protagonists are on idiot plot mode and don't, "go for the head." On Titan, Doctor Strange could have easily severed Thanos's arm at the elbow, ending this conflict. Instead they tugged on his pinky like they were trying to remove a wet latex glove. There's some good action in the movie but1. Thanos's plan is stupid and he's stupid, and so are you if you don't demand more.2. The protagonists are stupid and certain individuals (Thor for example) have magical drama power that makes them too strong. You can survive being blasted in the face by solar radiation and freely radiating heat in the oxygen-free environment of deep space but you can't win in a fight against Supreme Leader Snoak? Come on now.3. I didn't know any of these bad guys prior to this movie, they're made of CG or are space dogs, and Thanos is an idiot, so I feel nothing regarding them. They're basically just DC villains.4. The movie was a thousand hours long and having an hour and a half of action did not help this because it was a needless circus show of CG.The condescending marketing of Captain Marvel ("we're the first female-led super hero movie!" "What about Wonder Woman" "Well we're the first Marvel female-led super hero movie!" "What about Elektra" "Well we're the first female-led super hero movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe!" "Well the MCU's only been around for 10 years and most of the movies have been sequels" "Well you're just a bitter white man whose opinion doesn't matter") certainly doesn't help and basically just serves as icing to this whole garbage cake. I haven't seen Captain Marvel but it doesn't take a genius to see that she's going to be the same self-affirming, monotone, no-stakes borefest that she is in the comics, just another show-off Mary Sue for disingenuous corporate marketers to sell as a symbol of female empowerment. Thor's approval of her in the Endgame trailer is lurid - try doing the Rambeau or Khan Captain Marvels if you want to pat yourselves on the back for your diversity efforts. As it stands, it basically just looks like Thor gets tight pants every time he sees a white American woman.The fact that Rotten Tomatoes needed to remove the "want to see" metric, had dozens and dozens of duplicate positive reviews, deleted the negative, and then conveniently ignored that the top critics have the same approval rate as the audience (62%) is rather weak. I will never support any product that suppresses criticism.Inside and out, everything leading up to this climactic episode has been thoroughly stupid, and this is why I will not be seeing Endgame.… Expand
Kinda boring, some scenes that ru bit in your face trying to get you to think it's funny, but that's, great film
First time that I saw this movie, I enjoyed, I laughed, but I wasn't happy after it ended. As time passed, I kept thinking about it day and night, and now that I think about it, I liked this movie. Yes, there were some viauals that botheredFirst time that I saw this movie, I enjoyed, I laughed, but I wasn't happy after it ended. As time passed, I kept thinking about it day and night, and now that I think about it, I liked this movie. Yes, there were some viauals that bothered me; for instance, the time when Thor was in the air through the battle of Wakanda, I said to myself:" That's goddamn incomplete CGI. Thor is CGI. What the devil? ".    Captain America and Black Panther didn't have enough dialogs. That bothered me.   To be honest, these two are my only issues with the movie. I enjoyed this movie. It was hell of a fun time. The humor was all over the place. The battle on Titan was fantastic. Almost all the action sequences were well handled by The Russo Brothers. The emotions were there. I cared about almost all the characters.    The most especial thing about this movie is Josh Brolin's Thanos. He is a perfect choice for this role. His voice, his look, his motivations (it wasn't quite what I wanted it to be. I needed more expositon of Thanos, just like Killmonger)and his monologues are brilliant.   This movie is worth 20 times watching in a year.… Expand
Epic in both scale and execution, Infinity War proves that marvel studios is still capable of producing astonishing films despite increasing fatigue among audiences.
Ever since Iron Man made its way into theaters in 2008,that was the beginning of the ambitious Marvel Cinematic Universe,that,from there on out,went on like a New Super Mario Bros game. You complete some levels (the solo movies) all the wayEver since Iron Man made its way into theaters in 2008,that was the beginning of the ambitious Marvel Cinematic Universe,that,from there on out,went on like a New Super Mario Bros game. You complete some levels (the solo movies) all the way up to the final level (the Avengers movie) of each world (Phase).This definitely seems like the last level (almost) of World 3. After 10 Years of waiting we’re finally here,and the hype is so intense that if you say something negative,it almost seems like a crime. That’s why I’ll talk about the negatives first instead of the goods,given that nothing is as perfect as,say,24 Carat Gold. Aside from some unbalanced CG and the score (which needs its own paragraph),I want to take a moment and despise the marketing team. The movie was marketed as ‘’The Biggest Event Of All-Time’’ (a thing most movies are doing nowadays),although the commercials were amping it up to an Interstellar-like seriousness. And while it’s a damn good movie,I wouldn’t say that it’s as good as Interstellar or Once Upon a Time In America,given that selling it like that makes the movie look like a legendary event (which,in part,is supposed to be). Let’s hope the team won’t do the same thing with Avengers 4 and learn from the mistakes.Also,darn it,was the score by Alan Silvestri (Ready Player One and The Avengers) disappointing! Coming out of RPO,I was amping my expectations up for this score,but all I got was another generic Marvel score whose little cues and overall theme will be remembered for sure other than the whole tracklist.Now that the problems are out of the way,there’s a LOT to talk about the positives.I admire what writers Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely (Civil War and The Winter Soldier) did with the story,resulting in a Dunkirk-like structure,where it’s divided in 3 separate stories that,by the end of the movie,get connected together perfectly (like a complicated Puzzle). It DOES feel like if it’s Part 1 of a much-bigger event (the arrival of Avengers 4 in about a year),especially given that we have 79 characters in the ring.Tone shifts every now and then,and it’s a good thing,since each member,with its own screen-time,surprisingly,give you a moment to laugh or cry (Yes,the quips and jokes are there,but none of them detract you from the central story). For example,when we have Iron Man with Banner,Strange and Wong,it gets serious,but when we have the Guardians,it gets funny all-the-way. This is the most ‘Shakespearean’ (I guess) Marvel movie since the first Thor,so be on the look for that. The part I was mostly curious to hear about was how the crowd was going to react to the end,but I won’t say what happened because spoilers.Thanos (played by Deadpool 2 star Josh Brolin) is probably the best written Marvel villain of all-time. I loved his motivation,his charisma,his design,and rife with lines like ‘’I could just snap my fingers and you’d all cease to exist’’ or ‘’Perfectly balanced as all things should be’’,you know right away he’s perfectly written. However,as much as I would go full fanboy for him,I wouldn’t say he is as great of a villain as,say,Killmonger. It’s certainly better than Loki,but where Killmonger came with a more realistic approach,I feel like Thanos didn’t have all the cards on the table to be a great villain,for me only. Everyone will mostly rave about him nonetheless,(even if they should). Oh,and the motion capture is amazing,so…Every actor/actress was amazing all the way,from Downey Jr to Evans to Pratt to Saldana to….Basically everyone.As I said,yeah,some of the effects are unbalanced,but that doesn’t mean the CG is bad. All of the effects are off the chain,especially,as I said,the motion capture on Thanos.Look,if you see Infinity War as a fan,you’ll definitely enjoy it,but as a marketing choice,you’ll probably see it as a disaster on every level. But (there’s always a but) my heart was pounding all the way through the end,I laughed and I didn’t cry for those moments (bit of a serious person),so… I’m surprised to say it,but I’m curious to see what will happen in Avengers 4. Now the annoying part is that I’m going to hear everyone scream in pain for that movie while I get comfy for Incredibles 2. Bring it on,I guess…… Expand
Man oh man! All I can say is this: MIND BLOWN! JAW DROPPED! BRAINS ON THE FLOOR! I'm quite honestly still reeling from what I just witnessed! Well... first thing's first! The pros: Each character had their own cool or unique moments. I wasMan oh man! All I can say is this: MIND BLOWN! JAW DROPPED! BRAINS ON THE FLOOR! I'm quite honestly still reeling from what I just witnessed! Well... first thing's first! The pros: Each character had their own cool or unique moments. I was really pleased for the most part with the amount of time each of the characters had in the spotlight! The action in this also rarely let up! Once the movie started, it really got going and didn't slow down a whole lot until the very end!  Furthermore, I felt or went through just about every emotion under the sun while watching this! Joy, excitement, sadness, anger, anxiety, you name it, I felt it! To top that all off, my heart just about wanted to shatter during certain moments! I can't even begin to express how often I found myself yelling at the screen overall! I'll also say that the personal icing on the cake for me was the post-credit scene, as it alluded to an upcoming MCU film that I've been beyond excited for! The cons: Certain character deaths were rushed and unearned in my opinion. And also, some heroes that come to mind that I felt didn't receive quite enough screentime were Hulk, Black Panther, Bucky Barnes, and sadly Steve Rogers too. Other than that, I'd say that most everyone else got their fair share of screentime. And lastly, OF COURSE it had to end on a cliffhanger for Avengers 4 next year, so that was obviously highly frustrating, especially since it left us hanging on a not-so-pretty note, but that's all I'll say! Overall, this was one wild film and quite a lot to take in all at once to be honest! However, I still loved and was actively and emotionally invested in so much of it that I can say with certainty that this was a step above the slightly weaker Age of Ultron, but the lightheartedness and sheer fun of the very first Avengers remains my favorite still, but like I said, you certainly can't go wrong with this one either!… Expand
OMG the most shocking ending ever seen. This is the movie worth watching twice and i did watch it twice. So many action so many character but none of them feel blank . Can't believe they pull of the stunt like that with the ending. Now i hopeOMG the most shocking ending ever seen. This is the movie worth watching twice and i did watch it twice. So many action so many character but none of them feel blank . Can't believe they pull of the stunt like that with the ending. Now i hope 2019 come soon… Expand
What makes Avengers: Infinity War the most epic crossover in cinema history you probably won't forget as soon as you first watch it you may ask? Well I can't say much about the film, but as far as I know, it brings all of its characters fromWhat makes Avengers: Infinity War the most epic crossover in cinema history you probably won't forget as soon as you first watch it you may ask? Well I can't say much about the film, but as far as I know, it brings all of its characters from previous Marvel Cinematic Universe films and unite them together to face their biggest threat out of all the villains from the previous films. The way this film is executed from start to end is why I recommend you start watching Avengers: Infinity War in case you haven't yet.… Expand
Thanos carries this movie. His dialogue, motivations and overall presence is great. Infinity War is far from perfect but having such an interesting and effective villain - and giving him so much screentime - worked really well to cover upThanos carries this movie. His dialogue, motivations and overall presence is great. Infinity War is far from perfect but having such an interesting and effective villain - and giving him so much screentime - worked really well to cover up other shortcomings, like trying to develop so many characters at once.… Expand
I am in complete shock in how this movie was able to work as beautifully as it did. We asked Marvel to raise the stakes, and boy did they do just that. They weren’t wrong when they said be careful what you wish for.
Here are my spoiler-free thoughts of “Avengers: Infinity War”:10 years of buildup has lead to this. Marvel Studios promised a movie worth 10 years of building a cinematic universe. And, worth it, it sure as hell was. This IS Thanos’s movie.Here are my spoiler-free thoughts of “Avengers: Infinity War”:10 years of buildup has lead to this. Marvel Studios promised a movie worth 10 years of building a cinematic universe. And, worth it, it sure as hell was. This IS Thanos’s movie. There are surprises no one is expecting. There are character interactions that will make people giddy. But, as much as the humor isn’t lost, even though some will want it to be brought down a bit, lucky for them, darkness isn’t abandoned. Because when Thanos shows up, consequences there are. Trust me when I say no one is prepared for what they see. “Avengers: Infinity War” is indeed worth the hype. One of the best Marvel movies ever. And, Thanos is the best Marvel movie villain ever. Josh Brolin NAILED him. And, that’s why this movie succeeded. Well done, Disney, Marvel Studios and Kevin Feige. You did it.I give “Infinity War” a 5-Star rating.⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Also, there is one surprise in this movie the anti-Disney trolls failed to spoil. And, that’s why I say to them when they try to spoil the movie: #NotTodayZurg.… Expand
Here we go again, audience score high, critic score low. This movie is amazing but probably didn’t have enough social justice warrior action for them.
"Avengers: Infinity War" finally brings the MCU's long-teased big baddie out of the shadows, and he does not disappoint. He's a legitimate threat, giving Infinity War stakes - something previous entries in this universe have lacked.
This is an excellent movie.  Right up there with Batman Dark Knight as top favorites of mine.  This movie has great action, and actually a story worth caring about.  Saw it twice.  A must see.
It is truly unbelievable that "Avengers: Infinity War" isn't a complete disaster with its massive scope and various characters. This is mostly due to the brilliance of the film's surprising writing and solid directing. Although not perfect,It is truly unbelievable that "Avengers: Infinity War" isn't a complete disaster with its massive scope and various characters. This is mostly due to the brilliance of the film's surprising writing and solid directing. Although not perfect, the film pulls off an almost incredible task, but most of the film's brilliance comes from it's beautifully handled characters, especially its villain.… Expand
Great film and passes the time so fast without you knowing which to me is a sign of a good film. fast free flowing, highly recommend
Avengers: Infinity War is the ultimate cinematic event. It brings together nearly all of the MCU's heroes to tie in stories told in the past decade. But it doesn't just rely on your love for this shared world. Instead, it rises above itsAvengers: Infinity War is the ultimate cinematic event. It brings together nearly all of the MCU's heroes to tie in stories told in the past decade. But it doesn't just rely on your love for this shared world. Instead, it rises above its predecessors by delivering a compelling villain and protagonist, Thanos, countless twists and turns, outstanding action and CGI work and an ending that will be discussed long after one's last viewing.… Expand
Okay, so in order to meet Thanos' demands, I will not write any spoiler here (At least for now). Truth is, I really feel bad for the quintet of The Russo Bros, the screenwriters (Markus & Mcfeely), and Feige. They literally have the universeOkay, so in order to meet Thanos' demands, I will not write any spoiler here (At least for now). Truth is, I really feel bad for the quintet of The Russo Bros, the screenwriters (Markus & Mcfeely), and Feige. They literally have the universe on their shoulders. Infinity War is unavoidably overstuffed, but one thing is for sure: Thanos is the main character in here. They didn't mess around with their "the movie centers on Thanos" advertising. This is the first MCU movie to have REAL (and I mean, REAL!) stakes, and felt almost real too (Loki's threat in The Avengers obviously had the usual "aliens come to New York to invade Earth" feels). The Russos (And the Screenwriters and Kevin Feige) really did the impossible, juggling no less than 30 characters (For comparison, "CA: Civil War" had roughly 15-20 characters at max).Final word: Thanos is the OG of the universe!!… Expand
It left me very accomplished even with the fact of enemies not being that much of a challenge to the heroes and the main villan taking its time to win when it could just do it, but ultimately more accomplishing things like tying  loose endsIt left me very accomplished even with the fact of enemies not being that much of a challenge to the heroes and the main villan taking its time to win when it could just do it, but ultimately more accomplishing things like tying  loose ends from other movies far back that I didn't think will be talk about at all again giving the audience what already was kind of expecting but not in the way that we did, something that properly motivates and strong ideals for the villan a shaking emotional and full feeling end that leaves you wanting more like this.… Expand
Fans of MCU will be delighted with this, action scenes are incredible and well done filmed. The fact of having so many main characters at the same time it reduces their plot development, but this is how it was to be done it. Amazing
There are a large number of good points to this movie. The most salient is that it gives just about every character in the movie a chance to shine, and they largely do so. Additionally, you don't have to have watched all the individual moviesThere are a large number of good points to this movie. The most salient is that it gives just about every character in the movie a chance to shine, and they largely do so. Additionally, you don't have to have watched all the individual movies leading up to it; the plot threads continued from movies I haven't seen are comprehensible and interesting in their own rights.The main issue is that this is a very, very long movie, and at times it shows. Each character's thread is good, but the transitions are often very quick, and not very smooth. It is possible to lose track of exactly where each part of the plot was by the time you get back to it. This could be viewed as a lack of cohesion if you aren't interested in exactly what they are doing right now.Overall it was fun, engaging, and well made. It would have a higher score if not for its length, and the fact that some of its implications for the general MCU going forward, I do not believe.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War is one of those tag team superhero movies that will make you laugh, cry, and get all emotional when they are in action. Marvel pulled a big one off their sleeves, and part of that thing that covered on that sleeve isAvengers: Infinity War is one of those tag team superhero movies that will make you laugh, cry, and get all emotional when they are in action. Marvel pulled a big one off their sleeves, and part of that thing that covered on that sleeve is Thanos and they absolutely killed it. Like Killmonger, Thanos may look like a weak villain, but he is not. He is one powerful villain that not any hero including Iron Man, Spiderman, Hulk, and even Dr. Strange will stop by any chances of blowing up the earth, and they are right, he is one bad motherflicker off of this movie that cannot be stopped. This is by far MCU’s underdog villain sitting right next to Killmonger and Loki. And you could easily care about him of what are his motivations when he triggered the infinity war. The action, comedic humor, comic book references, intense emotion, outstanding direction, teriffic stuntwork, and the visual effects is what made Infinity War a powerhouse of MCU movies and it is damn worth seeing it. Without a doubt, Infinity War matches the depths of Logan and Civil War and you would immediately watch it again. (& Oh yeah, make sure you stay till the credits too!)… Expand
Drama, action, comedy & imminent danger; Visual FX & CGI are beautiful; it has great landscapes that put you in the movie; photography is pretty good; camera in hand is also immersive & gets you into conflict; it has a lot of humor, more thatDrama, action, comedy & imminent danger; Visual FX & CGI are beautiful; it has great landscapes that put you in the movie; photography is pretty good; camera in hand is also immersive & gets you into conflict; it has a lot of humor, more that Marvel's previous ones (except Thor Ragnarok), also, this humor is too good, you laugh all the time with the interactions of the characters & it's set to relax from the tension & drama; the film handles the emotional aspect well in moments, i didn't feel anything in others, since they want to make you cry by repeating the same situations from previous movies in MCU; Doctor Strange has a lot of power, as well as Thor; Thor & Rocket Raccoon have good chemistry; Thanos is the best villain of MCU, terrifying & imposing, main protagonist; best film since The Winter Soldier; the Black Order is good, although inconsistent, have great powers & fight well, but when they face someone with low level, it turns out that they win them for the convenience of the script, terrible & meaningless; it feels like a 5-hour movie, but split into 2; waiting the next year for the second part.… Expand
An absolute blast of a film, Great story, action, jokes, and villain. Thanos is by far one of the best MCU villains so far which have always been fairly mediocre, he has great CGI and surprisingly emotion. The weakest part of this film isAn absolute blast of a film, Great story, action, jokes, and villain. Thanos is by far one of the best MCU villains so far which have always been fairly mediocre, he has great CGI and surprisingly emotion. The weakest part of this film is that because of all the character doing separate things it means that when a character dies it carries no emotional weight at all. I also love the fact that it ends with a cliffhanger.… Expand
MCU fans will LOVE this movie. People who haven't seen most of the movies will find it confusing, and if you don't like constant action you won't like it either. It's not going to have the universal appeal of a film like spiderman homecomingMCU fans will LOVE this movie. People who haven't seen most of the movies will find it confusing, and if you don't like constant action you won't like it either. It's not going to have the universal appeal of a film like spiderman homecoming or black panther. There's no backstory presented at all so make sure you watch at a minimum the previous avenger movies, guardians 1, civil war, ragnarok and black panther or you'll be super confused.The best part of the movie is thanos. They really get into explanation of his character and motives and it's amazing. He's the deepest villain maybe ever, rivaling even loki in terms of complexity. So refreshing compared to many of the past one note types like ronan and malekith.Everything is super well done. The fights are completely epic without being unwatchable in terms of cgi and movement. It's pretty easy to follow the action in this one.… Expand
Shocking, entertaining, and action packed, "Avengers: Infinity War" is a beautiful culmination of all MCU entrees so far, as well as a terrific and emotionally rewarding film in its own right.
This movie passed all my expectations.Every character gets enough time and the villain is well done.The whole movie I was thinking about how the end is gonna be bs but when I saw the ending I was so stunned.THE ENDING IS AMAZING!!!!111!!
Well done Marvel, this is the greatest thing you have ever done, the best one by far, it’s full of a lot of details but controlled it so well, it’s all beyond any expectictions, worth watching twice.
Epic defines this movie. For me, the biggest movie in history with the best villain in history.
The short review: The character and story development are inadequate, many fights scenes felt like nothing new, and the plot felt predictable, but there is enough comedy, anticipation and suspense to make this a good but not great film.The short review: The character and story development are inadequate, many fights scenes felt like nothing new, and the plot felt predictable, but there is enough comedy, anticipation and suspense to make this a good but not great film.Related media: I have seen all the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) films, so this review is based on knowing what had happened before.What's it like?: Something happened before the film starts that makes Thanos and his henchmen decides it is finally time to take matters into their own hands to assemble the Infinity Stones themselves. So they move from one location to the next, fighting and killing the current holders of the stones. Will he succeed?Post-credit scene: One at the very end but it’s a must-see.Negatives: 1)	A major irritation with this film is the slow pacing, sometimes caused by too much pondering and exposition. Thanos’s destruction of one character/location after another has made the mood gloomy, but when the story transitions to another location, it takes too long for the next thing to happen. 2)	The film suffers from what critics have been warning for a long time – too many major characters in one film. Marvel was able to avoid the failures of DC Comics with Suicide Squad and Justice League, and in fact had major successes with Avengers 1 and 2 and Captain America: Civil War, but I think Marvel has reached a tipping point with this film. With so many characters, they could not spend more time with each character and cover character developments other than moving from one fight to the next. 3)	(Cont’d) An example of this is the fight between Iron Man and a villain. It degenerates into the usual thing of Iron Man shooting lasers and missiles, while being thrown about and smacked with objects. There is nothing new! It becomes another throwaway skirmish, of which there are many in this film.4)	A real problem with any story where the villain is trying to gather a number of powerful objects, which upon completion would render him/her invincible is, where the story goes from there onwards. This problem is made worse here as Thanos becomes more powerful as he acquires each Infinity Stone, rather than needing to collect them all before getting any power from each stone. This principle makes it ever easier for him to acquire each succeeding stone, such that it is guaranteed that he would complete his task. I am really worried as to how the story writers are going to fix this in Avengers 4.5)	There are some opportunities to stop Thanos somewhere in the film but they are wasted because of the stupidity and selfishness of some characters. Some character(s) even surrendered the stones. I think these situations were there just to milk out some drama but they were not well done.6)	The massive attack on Wakanda with Thanos’s army – it’s in the trailer – does not make sense, considering that prior attempts to acquire the stones had only involved a few super-villains but were executed very expertly. It smacks of a cheap attempt to insert a major battle into the film just to satisfy the fans, when it wasn’t necessary at all.7)	The scenes where the heroes who do not know each other meet up for the first time, was not done well. It seemed like the heroes trusted the other side and become friends too easily.8)	Thor and Peter Quill had developed greater powers in recent films, but neither of them used these powers here. Disappointing.9)	Thor remains insecure about not having a hammer and goes to get a new one. The entire sub-plot on this venture felt contrived and felt like an attempt to show a MacGuffin.10)	The strange ending was another gloomy scene. The audiences in the same theatre as me, felt drained, depressed and confused when the lights were turned on. Hang on! This could be just what the directors intended, which would make this a positive!11)	Overall, the story felt predictable and this points to the linear and average story-writing. Guardians of the Galaxy 2 felt the same, but Thor and Civil War were surprising.Positives: 1)	Despite this film being rather gloomy, there were still many funny moments, something that almost all of the DC Comics films never managed. 2)	The film did try to cover the backstory of Thanos, which I wasn’t expecting. Film critics cannot thus argue that this film did not have any character development.3)	The beginning of the film had some of our heroes losing continuously and badly to Thanos and his henchmen. When our heroes won decisively for the first time, it felt really great!How would the different age groups rate it?Children: Excellent;Teens: Excellent;Young adults: Good;
Medium age adults: Good;
Old adults: Average;

Rating: 4/5 (no half scores). Pay to watch it in the cinema.… Expand
The so called "critics" deserve to face the wrath of Thanos. This is going to be an amazing blockbuster.
A good looking weak movie. You might enjoy it more if you absolutely love super-hero movies.Do you like movies that are too unfocused and have so many story arcs that go nowhere just so they can promise to tie them together somehow in aA good looking weak movie. You might enjoy it more if you absolutely love super-hero movies.Do you like movies that are too unfocused and have so many story arcs that go nowhere just so they can promise to tie them together somehow in a sequel so they don't even have to try to resolve the main conflicts they set up through the movie? Then this is the movie for you ! A movie with absolutely no value unless you've watched all the previous movies leading up to it AND are 100% sure you WILL watch the sequel whenever that comes out.That being said, if you liked generic super-hero movies you'll absolutely LOVE this one, it's got more out of context fan-service than anything I've ever seen which, given you love what came before it, will be moments you actually enjoy.The visuals are great, the performances from almost all of the secondary characters is great, the only ones of the big name actors that are phoning it in are Mark Ruffalo and Robert Downey Jr. (and in his case he's still not that bad compared to the others, but he is worse compared to how he acted in the Iron Man trilogy).The story is incredibly incomplete and can't be judged adequately until it's finished however it does have a lot of moments where you'll be thinking: "Well why didn't they just do X instead of Y, this is a terrible idea and I'd actually be insulted if it works" it's not any worse then it's been in the previous Avengers movies but it's not any better either.Every character gets at least 1 chance to show off on the screen and it looks great for all of them even though the way the moments are woven into the story seems contrived and forced.The villain is a boring guy with an absurd evil ideology, he's barely a step up from Red Skull in terms of motivations. It's amusing how bad his plan and motivation are, his plan is something the magnitude of Hitler's Final Solution without actually being "Final" in any way, he feels like the most generic comic book villain you can find in every way except his acting which is excellent.It's a CG spectacle with no sense of direction. It's okay to want to see it if you're into that but please don't recommend it to your friends who don't care about superhero movies.… Expand
You're ready, right?  You watched all the previous films, Avengers, Age of Ultron, you saw Captain America Civil War, you suffered through the crap Ironman movies, just to be ready for this.  You're ready.  Sure.  You carefully rewatched allYou're ready, right?  You watched all the previous films, Avengers, Age of Ultron, you saw Captain America Civil War, you suffered through the crap Ironman movies, just to be ready for this.  You're ready.  Sure.  You carefully rewatched all the Infinity Stone specific movies, Age of Ultron, Captain America the First Avenger, the Avengers, Thor the Dark World, Guardians of the Galaxy, Doctor Strange.  Then you watched Guardians again because it's really good.You're ready.  You got this.Right?You're not ready.  You're not ready.… Expand
One thing that you need to keep in mind is that this is not a stand alone movie. Some critic reviews say that the only character developed in this movie is Thanos. Well, all other characters have been developed in the past 10 years of MCU.One thing that you need to keep in mind is that this is not a stand alone movie. Some critic reviews say that the only character developed in this movie is Thanos. Well, all other characters have been developed in the past 10 years of MCU. The only exception to this are Thanos' generals, The Black Order, which could have more development. However, it is hard for me to think of what they could take out of the movie to provide time to develop these characters.Another thing to keep in mind is that this is only part 1, so while there is an ending, it may not be a satisfying ending for many. Especially since this movie is not so much about the Avengers as it is about Thanos quest, therefore the movie makes more sensed if watched from his perspective, as if Thanos is the protagonist.At the end of the day, I think the Russo brothers so far did a good job with the difficult task they had in their hands. Remember that this has never been attempted before, and for that alone it deserves some respect.… Expand
Can we all stop pretending to hate Superhero films for a moment and appreciate how awesome this was?Watched 26th April 2018… Expand
Avengers Infinity War works more as a prelude to what's coming next than a full movie. The Russos have managed to pull a feat no less than what the others in the MCU have already brought to us, but being more ambitious this time with allAvengers Infinity War works more as a prelude to what's coming next than a full movie. The Russos have managed to pull a feat no less than what the others in the MCU have already brought to us, but being more ambitious this time with all superheroes in their 10 year culmination. It delivers on most fronts.8/10… Expand
Awesome movie! Im not sure why the score shows 68 as an average, I suspect a social movement group is cramming the ballot box with low scores to mess with everyone... Lots of cool moments, cool meetings, and funny dialog..
So after years of Marvel movies leading up to this event: Thanos and the Infinity Stones in what is a combination of all the films, the question was: Could such an ambitious feat succeed. Answer: Surprisingly yes.There is just so much goingSo after years of Marvel movies leading up to this event: Thanos and the Infinity Stones in what is a combination of all the films, the question was: Could such an ambitious feat succeed. Answer: Surprisingly yes.There is just so much going on in this: charismatic superheroes interacting with each other again or for the first time, a lot of unexpected developments, and excellent large-scale fight scenes, special effects, and sets. I especially liked the design of Thanos' main space ships. Very unique.This is pretty much Marvel's The Empires Strikes Back, and is by far the darkest and most mature in the franchise. Trust me, this movie will be making you feel things by the end. On the other hand, the humor and characters do balance things nicely. As for Thanos himself, don't worry. All the waiting and teasing isn't for nought. He is, with Loki and Killmonger, one of the franchise's top villains. Josh Brolin does a wonderful job of playing the guy, both twisted and threatening, but in a calm and almost relatable manner.Not to say the film doesn't have its flaws, which is completely understandable considering that it juggled so many characters and places. Think of this as a war film, like Dunkirk, The Longest Day, or a Bridge too Far, that features various people affected by or involved in a battle. Though there are some strong moments, the cast just can't shine as brightly as they do in the solo films. Not all character relationships could have developed as much as they could and some characters you hope will meet won't. The Thor subplot also goes on too long. It could have been shortened to make way for other things.The first quarter of the film suffered from too many close-ups shots and quick cuts, but that does seem to settle down as things goes on. Though the film did an admirable job of keeping the tone of the characters, there were moments with the Guardians of the Galaxy in which they could've cut a few jokes. Having them act moronish during certain moments did cut the tension a bit.Also, not fond that Thanos' three regularly proportioned adopted children  and lieutenants were computer animated instead of makeup like Gamora and Nebula. They just kind of stood out, and it didn't help that they weren't computer animated quite as well as their father. However, I don't agree with the complaints that they weren't well-developed. I mean, yeah they weren't, but they served their purpose as effective and distinctive threats for the heroes to fight. (You can't have all Darth Vaders. You'll always have some Boba Fett's.)Now, I can't recommend this to anyone who's not very familiar for the movie series as it'll probably leave them confused. But for all those Marvel fans out there, I feel the film delivered what it promised.… Expand
The only way for me to explain the negatives is with a Spoiler warning...but anyways. This movie had awesome special effects, the Black Order looked great, Thanos look human-like. Special effects were just perfect in every scene and actionThe only way for me to explain the negatives is with a Spoiler warning...but anyways. This movie had awesome special effects, the Black Order looked great, Thanos look human-like. Special effects were just perfect in every scene and action scenes. Every character served their role in an organic way, no one felt rushed or out of place in any given situation. The humour was on point and timed precisely throughout the film.Thanos motives were great and matches his nickname (The Mad Titan), but still smart in the same way making him a really cool villain. I did not buy that he loves Gamora (-1), that felt so convenient for the script. Another thing is that in 2018 films dont and should not open killing off a black person...white guy gets choked but the black guy gets stabbed in the chest? No way, that's racist (-1). The action scenes were in the ENTIRE film and it was insane!, best action scenes in the entire superhero film genre!.Overall this film was awesome, people will cheer and get nuts because this movie is worth the money and time, almost an historic event.… Expand
3rd best MCU movie. This is incredible. The fact this movie was even semi good gives it a 9 alone. The Russos are amazing at making these movies. I won't say anymore.
I was skeptical going about this movie, curious as to how they would tie in so many main characters. However, they pulled it off. I sat on the edge of my seat the entire time and it easily surpassed my expectations. I can't wait to see howI was skeptical going about this movie, curious as to how they would tie in so many main characters. However, they pulled it off. I sat on the edge of my seat the entire time and it easily surpassed my expectations. I can't wait to see how everything comes to an end during the next avengers!… Expand
Infinity War is the same predictable mediocre flick for children as usual, only one that's too big for its own good.The previous team-up movies had a generic structure: some unmenacing bad guy arrives so the heroes have to unite - theInfinity War is the same predictable mediocre flick for children as usual, only one that's too big for its own good.The previous team-up movies had a generic structure: some unmenacing bad guy arrives so the heroes have to unite - the heroes do unite, but the bad guy seems to take the upper hand - the heroes regroup and defeat the bad guy. Since IW was planned as two movies (more movies = more cash, not like there's some story to be told here), the structure is split between them, so the first one ends with the heroes seemingly defeated. But since we know that a sequel releases literally next year, the many character deaths feel cheap and pointless, kind of like that of Superman in BvS. And there are way too many heroes to give everyone proper screen time and things to do anyway.There's literally nothing to see here apart from these forced deaths - there's no original plot involved, it's just another CGI purple Homer Simpson lookalike who wants to kill everyone "for balance" with added amounts of forced drama and tedious dialogues. He also has some CGI minions that look like early-2000's video game villains, but I don't think those were even named. Also the film's largest battle is that between some CGI 4-armed monkeys and an African tribe armed with spears. Yeah.Also, still remember Thor Ragnarok? You know, the one which was mostly pointless as usual, but it did have Thor lose his hammer and eye? Well now it's completely pointless as he has both back. Just like IW will become pointless next year when the follow-up comes around.I quite liked the first two Avengers movies, and while the third one (Civil War) was already slightly overstuffed, it was still serviceable. This, however, just continues the downward trend of movies like Guardians 2 and Thor 3.… Expand
This movie shocked me. It will live you speechless and emotional with questions. Thanos was really threatening and just make you feel hopeless. Russo brothers done it again.
Avengers: Infinity War is a masterful film that accomplishes many amazing feats. From the moment the film starts, you are absorbed into a compelling story with high stakes, incredible action sequences and unforgettable moments with aAvengers: Infinity War is a masterful film that accomplishes many amazing feats. From the moment the film starts, you are absorbed into a compelling story with high stakes, incredible action sequences and unforgettable moments with a fantastic cast of our favorite heroes. Marvel has done it again! They did this film right and I am extremely pleased with it!… Expand
Thanos is a very good villain. I expected a one-dimensional madman who talks nothing about destruction, but he actually had believable, understandable reasons on why he wanted to wipe out half of the universe.I also love the fact thatThanos is a very good villain. I expected a one-dimensional madman who talks nothing about destruction, but he actually had believable, understandable reasons on why he wanted to wipe out half of the universe.I also love the fact that everyone gets a screen time. I thought it was going to be one of those "90 seconds for each character then move on to next" bullcrap, but it shows everyone's motivation on why they are fighting Thanos.Last but not least, the ending so really shocking it left me saying "what?" repeatedly while the guy who was sitting next to be laugh at it.… Expand
Avengers Infinity War is a flawed masterpiece,a tense 149 minutes epic from start to finish.This film,similarly to BR 2049, filled with SO many surprises. IMO Thanos might be on par with Heath Ledger's Joker to become one of the finestAvengers Infinity War is a flawed masterpiece,a tense 149 minutes epic from start to finish.This film,similarly to BR 2049, filled with SO many surprises. IMO Thanos might be on par with Heath Ledger's Joker to become one of the finest villains ever put to the screen.It has at least 15 epic moments.The ENDING was WOW,probably in top 5 Endings in Superhero Films.That being said,it is flawed masterpiece,the pacing of the third act has some problems,and the weight of too many characters in one movie is very noticeable,but these are the type of flaws that are so inconsequential due to this thrilling beast.Still.this film is intense,emotionally resonant,fast paced,visually dazzling and techically a MASTERPIECE… Expand
If you have watched every single Marvel movie up until this point then this is a big payoff. To see all the characters interact the way they did was exactly how it felt with the first Avengers but on a galactic scale. The ending is not whatIf you have watched every single Marvel movie up until this point then this is a big payoff. To see all the characters interact the way they did was exactly how it felt with the first Avengers but on a galactic scale. The ending is not what anybody was expecting but the way they did it and the fact you know that certain characters have movies in phase 4 when they died already gives away some plot of the next movie.… Expand
A stunner of a movie. As a fan of Marvel, I couldn't have asked for a better film. If you haven't been following the movies, I'm not sure this film will have the same emotional impact. But if you're a fan of Marvel and of these characters,A stunner of a movie. As a fan of Marvel, I couldn't have asked for a better film. If you haven't been following the movies, I'm not sure this film will have the same emotional impact. But if you're a fan of Marvel and of these characters, this film won't disappoint. I couldn't be happier that this movie wasn't a disaster!… Expand
Where to begin with this, I suppose starting off with the good first would be a good start. Thanos comes off as a fantastic villain, his motivations for his actions are actually justified and is a problem the real world will eventually face. Unfortunately though if you're a comic book fan this is about all that will come out of this. Not that the movie is bad, but Thanos has a ridiculous amount of plot armor. Doctor Strange had the opportunities to completely avoid any and all of this mess by simply sending Thanos to another dimension for example but Doctor Strange never used his full power on Thanos. Also after meeting the Guardians of the Galaxy and learning that Thanos had Gamora, couldn't Doctor Strange just teleport to her and bring her back thus preventing Thanos from getting the Soul stone? Or Doctor Strange could've brought everyone back to Earth and we could've had Thanos fighting all of the heroes. On the surface this movie will seem good, there are deaths, a justified villain, and some funny moments. But the fact that my girlfriend who's only exposure to the Marvel Universe has been the movies can sit with me and poke holes in the plot proves that the writers didn't know how to handle the more powerful characters in this. Overall if they didn't include the Sorcerer Supreme this movie would've made a lot more sense on why things happen like they do.… Expand
Best MCU movie so far! TOTAL NONSTOP ACTION! Only complaint is I wish Disney was more hush hush about the future MCU movies. Knowing which actors have how many movies left on their contract and whatnot killed some of the climax.
I did not expect so much from this film, I thought I was going to repeat the same formula as always of the MCU and that I was not going to bring anything new. By far the best of Marvel. Simply excellent, from the action, the drama, theI did not expect so much from this film, I thought I was going to repeat the same formula as always of the MCU and that I was not going to bring anything new. By far the best of Marvel. Simply excellent, from the action, the drama, the surprises and the performances all excellent. From the first second of the movie until the last one leaves you with the creeps. The comedy is more balanced and the interaction with the new characters is very good. Thanos steals the movie. The battle of Wakanda is totally epic. Now I'm looking forward to the release of Avengers 4.… Expand
I am going to overrate this movie. This is the best Marvel movie I have ever seen. Reasons:1. Thanos was the most successful character they have ever created in the movie universe. At a certain point, I began to agree with him. He is aI am going to overrate this movie. This is the best Marvel movie I have ever seen. Reasons:1. Thanos was the most successful character they have ever created in the movie universe. At a certain point, I began to agree with him. He is a really bad ass, and he is so real.2. No one felt safe in this movie. I watched spoiler before the movie, and I know who will die or will not, but I still felt a sense of danger.3. No more chicken fights like the previous two.4. Well-balanced humor and darkness.Thank you Marvel,I also thought you are make tons of cheap movie, now I become a fan… Expand
10 years of history, effort and dedication have paid off.IW in my opinion is the best marvel movie studios to date.

very good effects, good development of the villain and especially the threat that this represents the main attraction of10 years of history, effort and dedication have paid off.IW in my opinion is the best marvel movie studios to date.very good effects, good development of the villain and especially the threat that this represents the main attraction of the film.the heroes this time are in the background to know the motivations of thanos, which is not bad because in regard to the characters we already know, these have already been presented in previous films.the interaction between characters is also good and it feels natural.Finally, IW has scenes that the fans will enjoy and with a much more serious story that will make us not want to get out of the seat.… Expand
Currently a 68 on Metacritic. Proof that the most perfect Comic Book movie ever made could NEVER please mainstream critics. If you are a longtime fan of 80’s & 90’s Marvel Comics and Ultimate Marvel, this is the movie of your lifetime. TheCurrently a 68 on Metacritic. Proof that the most perfect Comic Book movie ever made could NEVER please mainstream critics. If you are a longtime fan of 80’s & 90’s Marvel Comics and Ultimate Marvel, this is the movie of your lifetime. The creators of this film have done what many thought impossible; they have taken a gigantic cast of characters (old and new) and given every one of them purpose, meaning and a soul. Thanos is fully realized and has a purpose and motivation, not just “make the universe evil because I’m evil.” His “Black Order” storm onto the scene and all at once rivalries are created with our heroes. These foes are formidable and full on characters in their own rights. The movie is wall to wall action AND emotion, and it NEVER feels gratuitous. No character is “safe” and the danger is palpable. They make sure the viewer understands that immediately.This story is flat out Marvel Cosmic Universe, no pandering for general audiences. What the critics call out as “problems”, comic fans call strengths.… Expand
I didn't expect this. Did someone expect this? If you haven't seen it yet, run, fly, whatever you can do to get there asap. Winter Soldier's the best action scenes in Marvel movies so you already now that is gonna be well directed. The plotI didn't expect this. Did someone expect this? If you haven't seen it yet, run, fly, whatever you can do to get there asap. Winter Soldier's the best action scenes in Marvel movies so you already now that is gonna be well directed. The plot was great(did I mention unexpected) and Thanos is in my opinion even better than Loki. They did not use all available characters but remember that Avengers 4 is coming next year. Thor is a real god in this movie, he's got some really cool arriving scenes. Just go live the experience in the cinema. (just 9 because i've only watched it once)… Expand
Visceral, a humorous tearjerker and thoroughly enjoyable. It manages to give every character a moment in the sun and makes the villain understandable in his own mind, connecting the audience with what's happening on the screen.
One of the main flaws is that it just doesn't progress, it is the same plot all throughout the  movie, just changing some characters and cenario, but it is always the same fight with the same goal. They make you watch 2h 40min of film and they don't even give you an actual epic fight between Thanos and some of the heroes.The movie also has some minor flaws that really bug me, such as the relationship between Thanos and Gamorra and how they don't really justify him loving her so much and it doesn't even look like much of a sacrefice for him to take the Infinity Stone.But you can't judge a movie just by it's script. The special effects are mesmerizing, the acting is on point and it is a nice event to go watch this movie with your friends, you just can't expect more than a shallow yet flashy experience.… Expand
The sheer volume of characters and story in this film is astonishing and it is mostly balanced and wonderfully acted. Without any spoilers there is one scene that didn't work for me, but otherwise I loved this film and would rank it about 3rdThe sheer volume of characters and story in this film is astonishing and it is mostly balanced and wonderfully acted. Without any spoilers there is one scene that didn't work for me, but otherwise I loved this film and would rank it about 3rd in the MCU behind Iron Man and The Winter Soldier.… Expand
(no spoilers)The "lower than expected score" I assume is because either critics did not like what happened in the movie to some characters, or because it was next marvel movie right after great Black Panther. However, this movie is great! It(no spoilers)The "lower than expected score" I assume is because either critics did not like what happened in the movie to some characters, or because it was next marvel movie right after great Black Panther. However, this movie is great! It is really such a refreshing take on same old conventional superhero story, that is done better here. Stakes are higher, you can FEEL THE DANGER! ​In this movie unites nearly all MCU, many comes to some sort of resolve, but yet opens huge pool of questions.Despite what happens, who dies or who does not die, it seems to me that some of those people will come back for second part regardless, because it is not really clear. A lot of things are left unexplained.I think some chocies they made in particularly will not be well receoved after Black Panther, I am just saying ...everyone had fair share on screen, very well paced, easy to watch. Fun, engaging and with interestting cameos.Some things I dont agree that should have happened because the lead to that was shoehorned in, some people that I expected to be in the movie, are not in it. What I am assuming is that they will be in next movies but the way they covered the absence of them was not convincing at all.Ending is mic drop and very quick.How other Marvel movies will continue after this, I have no idea...Thanos: very serious, BEST vilian ever in MCU.Post credits - yes, good one, connects with yet another movie.… Expand
The movie is amazing! The Russian brothers are great. This is great. Congratulations to Marvel. Shook the structures.… Expand
Pros: Great Story, Real Stakes, Villain, Action, Characters, Soundtrack, Moments, Visuals, Pacing.Cons: Some underused characters (not a big deal, just nitpicking)
Hands down Thanos is the best CGI villain ever put to film. He's a compelling character and you can feel he's a real-life human (except he's not). Josh Brolin performance makes Thanos even more realistic and humane. His motion-captureHands down Thanos is the best CGI villain ever put to film. He's a compelling character and you can feel he's a real-life human (except he's not). Josh Brolin performance makes Thanos even more realistic and humane. His motion-capture performance adds up to the character of Thanos, and that's really unusual or maybe doesn't happen unless we had Andy Serkis. The CGI in general is very good. Thanos has many great moving moments when he explains his motives, but despite how indirect and classy he illustrates his motivations, I hoped there were more ways to do so rather than using dialogue and nothing more. Also, I think there was no need for more explanations in the third act of the movie. C'mon, there is a final battle happens and Thanos still gives some reasons why he does that!  There's an incredible chemistry between almost all our heroes, and that enhanced the humor in this movie which, by the way, is splendid! Almost every joke hits the mark. The problem that there was a tonal shift between the first act and the second act that made a dramatic scene not as effective as it should have been, but it's really a very minor issue as it just happened one time.The character development features all along the movie itself not just as a complement to the previous movies.There are a lot of shocking moments and unflinching decisions that you have never seen in a Marvel movie.I have never been confused by the story's developments or many events as all of them are represented simply. Actually even simpler than in some other MCU movies.The Russo Brothers showed how much they understand every single character in the universe by changing the tone according to the characters and the place.Avengers: Infinity War is an epic that every MCU fan deserves. (9/10)… Expand
Infinity War is more of an event than it is a movie, and it was always going to be somewhat hampered by the sheer amount of characters that needed to be squeezed in here. But, considering all the constraints that were weighing on it, it isInfinity War is more of an event than it is a movie, and it was always going to be somewhat hampered by the sheer amount of characters that needed to be squeezed in here. But, considering all the constraints that were weighing on it, it is hard to imagine a better outcome than Infinity War. It was fun, entertaining, and emotionally stirring. Any excess side plots or characters made up for their excess by being funny or visually stunning. It was all around a wonderful film.… Expand
this movie had a lot of weight on its shoulders, and delivers. as good as the first avengers for me.
Superb culmination of the first 10 years of the MCU, delivering their best villain to date and a truly game changing ending.  Josh Brolin is superb as Thanos, playing the real protagonist of the story as who moves on his insane quest to formSuperb culmination of the first 10 years of the MCU, delivering their best villain to date and a truly game changing ending.  Josh Brolin is superb as Thanos, playing the real protagonist of the story as who moves on his insane quest to form the Infinity Gauntlet.  You understand his motivations (though they are based on the long disproven overpopulation myth) and feel when he makes some pretty devastating decisions.  Behind the camera, the Russos manage to a deliver a complete but packed film, mixing up the various MCU heroes in inventive ways (Iron Man & Dr. Strange play off each other brilliantly) while pulling off some brilliant action that sets a new standards in blockbusters.  Granted, if you're not familiar with the the Marvel movies, you will be a bit lost, but then, why would you even be seeing this movie anyway.  Simply put, especially thanks to the stunning ending, "Infinity War" delivers on it's promise, and you will be clamoring for the next "Avengers" movie as soon as you leave the theater.… Expand
I liked it, higly reccomended. Main antagonist and his henchmen have presence and charisma, all the good guys have enough space to be relevant to the story (it is a long movie), the story start with a fast pace without wasting time inI liked it, higly reccomended. Main antagonist and his henchmen have presence and charisma, all the good guys have enough space to be relevant to the story (it is a long movie), the story start with a fast pace without wasting time in introduction, they manage to insert drama,comedy and action togeter in a good mix. To fully appreciate this movie you need to have previosly watched at least: Guardian of the Galaxy 2, Avengers 1 & 2, Doctor Strange, Thor Ragnarock, Civil War ...even if some of this movie are not so great. This movie narrate a story that probably will have some impact on marvel cinematic universe background ...so be careful to avoid spoilers surfing the web.… Expand
There is only one thing a person can ask after coming out of this movie, and that question is "did it live up to the hype?". The answer, in my opinion, is a yes. The movie isn't perfect, but it had enough interesting surprises and storyThere is only one thing a person can ask after coming out of this movie, and that question is "did it live up to the hype?". The answer, in my opinion, is a yes. The movie isn't perfect, but it had enough interesting surprises and story elements to keep me perfectly engaged. I didn't think one cast member put in a poor performance, they were all at least good. However, Robert Downey Jr. knocks it out the park. This is one of his best performances since the original Iron Man film, 10 years ago. Thanos, as the villian, is perfectly fine. They showed the right amount of human emotion to make him not completely stale, like the majority of marvel villians tend to be. Although, that being said, while he was completely ruthless and evil, elements of the film led me to actually reason with his character, and not completely hate him, which i don't know is a good thing or a bad thing. Now onto the issues. The cast is understandably bloated, so you find yourself having to keep up with all the different storylines happening at once, and it becomes quite difficult to follow everything. It felt like at least two of the main storylines could have been their own movie. There are a couple of plot holes and unexplained events that happen in the film, although it would be difficult to explain them without going into spoilers, so you'll have to take my word for it. The special effects i felt were very inconsistent, at times they blew me away and at other times looked rubbery and formulaic, but luckily the latter part of them were in less noticable shots. Speaking of camera work, the cinematography wasn't anything too special, it wasn't on the level of something like Dunkirk but it had enough interesting shots to keep me entertained. The dissapointing thing about a cast this large is that some characters would be forced to take a backseat, and in this movie some took a significant backseat. So much so, that i forgot some characters were even in the movie. From what i remember one of the most significant avengers had about 4-5 lines in the whole movie. Much like every other marvel movie there were a significant amount of quips and jokes, however i was hoping due to the high stakes and a more serious threat that they might have toned down the jokes but dissapointingly they didn't. That being said, the jokes didn't take away from any of the serious moments. It may seem like i didn't really like the movie, but i have to say, some moments absolutely blew me away, and i believe most came from the screenplay. It's difficult to discuss what i loved without spoilers, so you'll have to take my word that i did enjoy the movie. Not the best ever marvel movie, but nowhere near the worst.… Expand
Adequate for the wanted level of the last 10 years and very respectful of the comics.
Not a standard superhero movie. A journey of 10 years long that leads to Thanos.The ultimate villain. Period. Nobody is prepared. Not even you.
This movie couldn't have been better than this.its amazing what marvel did with this many characters.and don't let those **** critics say otherwise.Those **** are the definition of hypocrites
Avengers: Infinity Wars, is an epic saga from the Marvel Cinematic Universe, as the Avengers rebel against the existential threat that is the overwhelming might of the supreme ThanosThe heroes of the narrative (Downey, Pratt, Johansson andAvengers: Infinity Wars, is an epic saga from the Marvel Cinematic Universe, as the Avengers rebel against the existential threat that is the overwhelming might of the supreme ThanosThe heroes of the narrative (Downey, Pratt, Johansson and the rest of the gang) are in excellent fighting form (as per usual) and bring undertones of organic humour (particularly Ruffalo and Holland) to balance the impending doom.  Brolin’s, Thanos is an infallible, and unmatched talent among previous Marvel Cinematic Universe villains. The leading antagonist (Brolin) could potentially challenge Heath Ledger’s maniacal depiction of the Joker. This is not because Thanos is a megalomaniac and indomitable being, but his excellency lies rational.  He is deft and absolute in both words and actions. He displays something inexplicably and hauntingly human about him. Thus, making him a fully realized anti-hero.Alan Silvestri’s beautiful layered soundtrack heightens the emotional intensity of the Avengers greatest threat to date. His ability to capture the constantly changing tone and as the inextricably linked narrative jumps from place to place is deserving of praise. The Russo’s Infinity Wars (Part 1) is sure to become a pop culture reference of the future, as they have managed to achieve with the Thanos and the Avengers what Bryan Singer failed to do with Apocalypse (a character of banal platitude) and the X-Men. But we are left with our appetites unsated, and waiting with both repressed clamour and bated breath for the conclusion of the enthralling and dynamic journey in 2019.-RJ… Expand
Every part of this movie felt amazing, I never felt bored with this movie. At the end is the most heartbreaking moments since Hans death, Groots final words.... He said dad. That shattered my heart, and Spideys death was a very emotianal part of the movie for me. I cried in the theatre but I will see it a second time. 2 hours and 40 minutes. Most of that is action, action action action. Thats a great move in my book. I thought is was gonna be like your normal Marvel movie. But this movie, it exceeds my hype. Im proud to give this a 10… Expand
Filme bem feito, efeitos especiais na maioria das vezes admiráveis, é bem, filme horrível, nota 10.
It's a great film. Thanos is not a snarling psychopath or a smirking murderer. Thanos believes in his cause and he doesn't waste time with monologues. While it has an Avengers name this movie is definitely a Thanos film. You have allIt's a great film. Thanos is not a snarling psychopath or a smirking murderer. Thanos believes in his cause and he doesn't waste time with monologues. While it has an Avengers name this movie is definitely a Thanos film. You have all character development reolving around Thanos. Thor has also grown into an actual character now.The direction and special effects were on point. The climax had the usual Marvel flare where it uses quick cuts so you can never fully tell what's happening during a fight. But overall a great film to add to this series.… Expand
On a scale so much larger than any marvel movie to date. Has every bit of the usual action and humor and more + a level of intensity and emotion unlike any Marvel movie to date. Only complaint is that the content in this movie alone shouldOn a scale so much larger than any marvel movie to date. Has every bit of the usual action and humor and more + a level of intensity and emotion unlike any Marvel movie to date. Only complaint is that the content in this movie alone should have been stretched out into two movies, like the seventh Harry Potter book.… Expand
By killing characters, having their next movies announced, they made those all deaths meaning less, but still one of the best avengers movies sofar :)
It is by all means an improvement to almost all the disney-marvel movies, but the disney hand is really obvious through all the movie, i hope they stop doing using so much that basic humor that makes it feel like an animated disney movie
The best superhero film I have seen in a while, maybe ever.I came in with high expectations, and they were certainly met. The visuals are amazing, Brolin excels as the greatly developed Thanos, and it doesn't seem like any of the massive superhero cast is sidelined much.Some will be put off by the cliffhanger ending, but this is worth seeing multiple times. An imperfect, but explosive masterpiece of a film.… Expand
I feel as though this is a low to mid tier Marvel movie. After seeing Ragnarok and hearing all the buzz about how great this movie was, I left the theater sort of disappointed that I spent $12 to see it. That isn't to say it isn't worthI feel as though this is a low to mid tier Marvel movie. After seeing Ragnarok and hearing all the buzz about how great this movie was, I left the theater sort of disappointed that I spent $12 to see it. That isn't to say it isn't worth watching, but I really think it is better off as a rental. The only time I was really "wowed" by the movie was when Thor was on screen because he has turned into an awesome character, and the after-credit scene because of what it hinted (despite the hints already being confirmed). Tl:dr wait until it comes out on DVD and rent it. Nothing super important happens.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War was almost an impossible task, and while not perfect, definitely lives up to the hype. The main issues with the movie just come from the fact that there are so many characters. The pacing is inconsistent at times, notAvengers: Infinity War was almost an impossible task, and while not perfect, definitely lives up to the hype. The main issues with the movie just come from the fact that there are so many characters. The pacing is inconsistent at times, not always giving each character enough screen time or enough to do. The tone can shift as well, between dark moments where the audience is meant to feel emotional, to abruptly ending the emotional moment with a gag. But for the most part, all the main characters are given good roles in the movie and characters play nicely off each other. The acting from everyone is top notch and the action scenes are some of the best in the MCU. One of the best things about the movie is Thanos, and the overwhelming danger he puts over our heroes. Villains in the MCU don't always feel like they actually are a threat, but Thanos definitely is. Not only is he a menacing villain, but he is also a well written villain with clear motivations for why he wants the infinity stones. Overall the movie is great, definitely one of the best in the MCU.… Expand
Such a fun and emotional film. I've seen it twice now and I'm already ready for a third. Nobody does it like Marvel.
Avengers: infinity War has been 10 years in the making from easter eggs,references and hints to this very movie throughout all of the MCU and it was all worth it.The Story was well written and thorough,the cast put on good performances,theAvengers: infinity War has been 10 years in the making from easter eggs,references and hints to this very movie throughout all of the MCU and it was all worth it.The Story was well written and thorough,the cast put on good performances,the action scenes were epic,the tone of the movie was one point and it was just an awesome experience.From the beginning of the it starts of with an intense tone,action packed and yet that contained that Marvel humor and this happens consistently throughtout the film almost near to perfection, thanks to The Russo Brothers directing this continuing their success from Captain America:Winter Soldier and Civil war.The first act was amazing as the movie introduced it's characters swiftly and didn't feel rushed at all with some clever writing and stellar action and gorgeous visual effects.Characters like Ironman.Doctor Strange,Spiderman and Thanos are great from the get go.You really felt there was a genuine danger unlike other Marvel films.The second act continued with this momentum as you are introduced to more characters like the Guardians,Captain America and more and the movie expands on the villain's plan and motivation as Thanos was a great villain,the best marvel villain if not then at least Top 3 although his goal was to destroy half the universe which is generic,but the movie clearly explains why he wants to do so and his clear motivations,as Thanos is also intimidating and also rather emotional helped by Josh Brolin's terrific performance as Thanos so is the rest of the cast who do a good job potraying their characters,the best performances coming from Zoe Saldana,Robert Downey Jr,Josh Brolin and Elizabeth Olsen.However since this was a very long movie the pacing was a bit slow and dragged a bit during the second act,but thankfully not too much and i have to say some of the characters from previous movies didn't get as much screen time as others like Captain America or Black Panther which is kind of disappointing their play a minor role in this big superhero film but but that's understandable as there were so many characters in this movie and The Russo Brothers did a fantastic job of balancing each one right even if it mean't some key characters didn't receive a lot of screen time.Also i have to say some minor thing bugged me a little without spoiling to much this arc involving the Hulk and Doctor Strange which doesn't get full explanations only because it's convenient to the plot and some of the humor from the Guardians of the Galaxy characters was a bit much because of James Gunn not being majorly involved with the movie but again this doesn't ruin the movie,just some minor issues,.Now to my favorite part of the film,the last act which was completely bonkers,the actions scenes were wonderful and looked like they came out straight from a comic book,the visuals were dazzling and story accumulated satisfyingly and there was a sense of unpredictability from the movie as the movie was dark,intense yet fun at the same time and the story was left completely wide open for Avengers 4 as it ended with a twist.In the end i think that this is indeed one of the best comic book movies ever made for sure,the best movie of 2018 so far.It had nearly everything heartbreak,a compelling story,some unpredictability,incredible action,fun humor and more and all i have to say if the wait for this movie was totally worth it.… Expand
Infinity War is a frantic action movie. This movie is more about Thanos, his motivation, his goals, his vision. For once, we have a real villain in a hero movie, not a doppelganger or a copycat. And the heroes...they just struggle against him, against themselves. The story is a tour de force. To reunite all these characters in a movie and still makes a semi coherent story is not a small feat. The FX are very good but the fighting scenes are sometimes a blur of too many objects and fast pace. Some critics didn't like the ending part...I though it was the best part.  It's not your everybody is fine ending. And you get at least two big clues for a part 2. The music was something that I didn't like that much. I guess it was a very difficult movie to score anyway. I give the movie a 82%. I think of the 3 Avengers, this one is the best.… Expand
After many ups and downs from the Marvel movies, Infinity War is probably the one that will be remembered as one of their best. The filmmakers realized that the villain is just as important as the hero in a story. As a result, we got Thanos.After many ups and downs from the Marvel movies, Infinity War is probably the one that will be remembered as one of their best. The filmmakers realized that the villain is just as important as the hero in a story. As a result, we got Thanos. One of the best Marvel villains. I will not spoil anything in the movie. You have to see it for yourself to see what I mean.… Expand
I couldnt decide if this movie was a 6 or 7 in my mind. i went with a 7 because i feel like once im a little further removed from my first viewing ill think a little higher of it. first off this movie was crazy entertaining. i loved all the scenes with thanos in them, and i heavily enjoyed 99% of this movie. but god damn that 1%. without a doubt the worst moment/writing in the entire marvel cinematic universe. you know what im talking about if youve seen this movie. when thanos had all but been beaten on titan. while mantis subdued him, the gauntlet was no more than a few moments from being taken from him. then starlord turned into an emotional little **** and shot at him for killing gamora, freeing him from mantises powers. SERIOUSLY?! you mean to tell me the character peter quill is so infinitely dumb that he cant see that thanos is seconds away from losing what is the ultimate power in the universe? and in his uncontrollable rage *sarcasm* cant help himself but to shoot at thanos? this is such a horrible horrible writing flaw that is so easily remedied. if someone is truly so angry with somebody else would there first move in their anger be to help that persons immediate problem? no. a believable response wouldve been to help remove the gauntlet so that they could fight and defeat him, or literally ANYTHING else. it was also a missed opportunity to add to thanos as a villian. he couldve broken free from their hold and beaten the heroes despite them giving absolutely all that they had, making the task of stopping him seem even more hopeless. mantis even tells the others to hurry because she couldnt hold thanos for long because he is so powerful. but no, they decided to crap on what was previously one of the best characters in marvel. its such a dumb moment and its really hard for me to look past which is a shame because the movie had many great scenes.… Expand
This movie is the my favorite MCU movie. This movie will subvert low expectations and triumph. The highlight is Thanos, he actually gets more screen time than anyone else, Which only helps the movie. All throughout the movie you are worriedThis movie is the my favorite MCU movie. This movie will subvert low expectations and triumph. The highlight is Thanos, he actually gets more screen time than anyone else, Which only helps the movie. All throughout the movie you are worried for your favorite character(s) due to Thanos providing real stakes beyond destruction. it is hard to describe how good the movie is without spoilers but that doesn't mean don't watch it. this movie demands your attention. Just go see it… Expand
Thanos is the best villain we've seen in the Marvel cinematic universe so far. Great visuals, Really funny, exciting action sequences and really enjoyable overall. Only complaint is that it could feel a little clunky will all the characters.
After years of build Thanos finally arrives on Earth with the intention of claiming the six infinity stones and wiping out half the life in the galaxy.Bringing together such a huge cast of characters from the MCU was never going to be anAfter years of build Thanos finally arrives on Earth with the intention of claiming the six infinity stones and wiping out half the life in the galaxy.Bringing together such a huge cast of characters from the MCU was never going to be an easy task but the Russo Brothers have done a brilliant job of ensuring that virtually everyone (aside from Hawkeye and Antman who are MIA) gets sufficient screen time. Seeing the Guardians of the Galaxy crew meet up with Thor or Iron Man and Doctor Strange fighting side by side is a dream for fans of the comics, or even just those that enjoyed these movies over the past decade. Thanos himself, a focus of a large part of this movie, is equally excellent and right from the outset comes across as a real threat to the heroes.As with all these Marvel movies I'm sure plot holes could be found if you care to look but all in all Infinity War is an entertaining, and often very funny, movie with a real gut punch of an ending (which will admittedly in all likelihood be largely undone) and its going to be a long wait to see part 2!… Expand
How are people surprised at this ending? So many reviews talking as if the sad ending is a studio marketing decision to drum up future sequels or something.   A) Read a **** comic book. B) I don't think they need help generating new movies.How are people surprised at this ending? So many reviews talking as if the sad ending is a studio marketing decision to drum up future sequels or something.   A) Read a **** comic book. B) I don't think they need help generating new movies. Expecting a happy ending in this movie would be like expecting Jesus to sprout Bat-skates at the end of The Passion and mule kick himself off the cross. All I look for anymore in MCU movies is watchable characters, escalating epicness,  just a touch of thoughtful plotting, and in general a superhero story that doesn't end up strangling itself to death before my very eyes. *cough* DC. This movie does just fine on all fronts. I clearly still had my socks on when this one was over, but it all played excellently. I must say I'm growing more and more impressed with Marvel's ability to stuff some humor into every orifice of a script without it feeling excessive or off-key. Best MCU movie, though? Eh. The first Avengers is still the gold standard for plot, but Thanos certainly does set a new standard of his own for his many memorable villainousnesseses.I have to hand it to Marvel; they didn't peter out on The Snap (hidden pun!) I actually think it's a breath of fresh air to see such a decisively unhappy finish. Is it permanent? Again, READ A F$*%ING COMIC, jeez.… Expand
i was really entertained.  lots to talk about after the movie.  not overwhelming despite all the major characters in one big movie.  i'd watch it again.
Avengers forever!
There is plenty to celebrate. Today, releasing its nineteenth movie, the multibillion-dollar American film production company Marvel Studios not only celebrates a decade of glories since the unsuspected inauguration ofAvengers forever!There is plenty to celebrate. Today, releasing its nineteenth movie, the multibillion-dollar American film production company Marvel Studios not only celebrates a decade of glories since the unsuspected inauguration of cinematic universes with "Iron Man" by Jon Favreau, time in which, of course, it reaps trillions of dollars for The Walt Disney Company; but also celebrates that its heroes, idealizations of human beings, have become effigies for thousands of kids and grown-ups; celebrates film and comic with passion thanks to remarkable artists who have materialized fictions in the eyes of a humankind in the depths of despair; celebrates life through real feelings packed in gorgeous bags; celebrates it's got an imperishable place in the Popular Culture of the 21st century; celebrates emotional beauty and the complexity of emotions in a shattered viewer who watches; celebrates the endless praises and universal acclaim has obtained with each entry, with every mistake, with every success; celebrates the establishment of a brand that seemed dead in the history of modern cinema— yes, the post-credits scene; —celebrates, at the expense of its interconnected stories, another important establishment in mainstream movies: too many easter-eggs; celebrates the influence that its heroes have caused in the minds of many people; celebrates the start of a grand finale, one more phase, which actually means three phases of triumphs and falls; celebrates that they have built the unimaginable: reaping the fruits of an idea that at first all dismissed — especially production studios, — the fruits that, while represent in monetary gain, also represent a deep-rooted pride of reviving the golden age of comic-film adaptations, building multiverses with more pros than cons where fearless charisma, white humor, feelings, passion, PG-13 ratings and audiovisual high-quality were capital rules in the conception and subsequent production of live-action stories printed in paper; but above all, it celebrates something that is honestly unusual currently: to make cinema, good cinema, human, ambitious, inspiring, diverse cinema with disproportionate amounts as a budget, brilliant. Today, we must wear our most elegant clothes because a long way is coming to an end, a painful, exciting and hopeful end; it won't go away for keeps— never mind — but what we know as Marvel is fading away: marvelous talents, marvelous characters, marvelous messages, marvelous enlightened dreams, marvelous cinema.   "Avengers: Infinity War" by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo won't be an expressly idyllic experience for many viewers, what is more, it seems that the mega-event set up by the spoiled brothers of Marvel has switched the game and instead of filling it with nondescript pyrotechnics and visual gags, they morph the accustomed action superhero film into a drama of unthinkable reaches, standing out by the seriousness, coherence, and severity of a script that knows how to use their strengths through characters brimming with soul, personality, and powerful messages. The film veers when it pleases, and although doesn't do it precisely in the best way sometimes, it hits the spot in almost every aspect, causing a really disarming effect, when the credits rolling down, you're still in your seat, speechless, depressed, shocked; no doubt, no superhero film had achieved it to date. Disney's subsidiary company is not jealous of the dark and pessimistic tone of DC, as it has created its own tone with much more deadly consequences than the Warner Bros company's flicks. The first shared universe in cinema history has been manufactured by artists who after long working hours have relegated time with their families to bring happiness to others through adaptations which are etching in our memories. How many kids scamper with Captain America shields in their heads or Iron Man scarlet armors? Ten years of stories as proof of a work full of sacrifices, ups, and downs, But today, after such a long time, the time has come to say thank you, thank you for having transformed present-day cinema, for better or worse. Just like J.J. Abrams'  2015 space opera "The Force Awakens," a new movie-event takes place this year, "Infinity War," the first part of a grim farewell, shakes our senses, its heartbreaking movements deliver a matchless adventure and its strong impact will affect the spectators for much longer, a must-watch. Watching the final scenes is hard task because your eyes are full of tears, that's a faithful sign of what kind of film it is; A motion picture as entertaining as melancholic that shows Marvel's love for his creations and that serves as a very complex turning point leading up to what will mean the closure of a golden superhero century.… Expand
"Avengers: Infinity War" was an incredible movie, all the superheroes of the Marvel Cinematic Universe gathered to finish off Thanos, the one who will destroy half the universe when he gets his infinite gems. The development of the villain"Avengers: Infinity War" was an incredible movie, all the superheroes of the Marvel Cinematic Universe gathered to finish off Thanos, the one who will destroy half the universe when he gets his infinite gems. The development of the villain Thanos is certainly spectacular, its origins and its search for gems is intriguing. The fragments and teams of superheroes trained in Infinity War were very good, photography and special effects as well. The jokes although it takes away the tension in the film, it distracts you a bit so you are not so stressed by what is going to happen and that is a good thing, although some scenes are as out of place, I did not stop enjoying this movie loaded with emotion, tension and action, the end is certainly very devastating, I thought I was not going to cry, but I managed to cry. It was the darkest transition I saw in my life, because I knew the way of being, and Thanos' intentions, he was a perfect and damn superhero terrorist, but a breath of hope will prepare us for an exciting end. Definitely a great movie that Marvel fans, and superheroes needed.… Expand
This is definitely my favorite Avengers film yet. I waited a long time to see it, and despite some filler; it sets up all of the Thanos scenes to be quite glorious! Can not wait to see this on 4K Blu-Ray.
What a movie!It's hard to critique this film in a traditional way in terms of narrative structure, knowing that all of these characters are developed beforehand in the previous MCU films, and because this movie is split in two parts. It isWhat a movie!It's hard to critique this film in a traditional way in terms of narrative structure, knowing that all of these characters are developed beforehand in the previous MCU films, and because this movie is split in two parts. It is it's own beast! Which is either admirable or infuriating, depending on what I'm feeling on that day.Thanos is great in this movie. Looking past the stupid design of him, the motion capture performance is great (although when he is holding a regular scaled human in his hands it looks weird at times), Josh Brolin did a great job in his role, and he is one of the best well rounded villains the MCU ever had. Sure his plan is admittingly dumb, but in terms of his conviction and even the layers of emotion, he is far more fascinating than the lesser MCU baddies (FWI, there are only five good villains in the MCU, including Thanos). The visuals are a treat to watch. It's eye candy seeing just how much is crammed in there and how much it works. From the impressive backgrounds to the scale of the action as millions of stuff flying in your face. It's almost like a Dragonball action scene done right! Of course, like the other MCU films, there are times where it looks off at times, particularly when Peter is in the Iron Spider suit and Bruce Banner in the giant Iron Hulk suit. The actions scenes, while at first hard to follow, is great thanks to the Ruso Brothers proving once again that they can do the quick cut action scenes. The acting is pretty good overall. I won't go into too much detail because that's what we've come to expect watching their own films from the individual characters. But I will say is that Zoe Saldana does not get enough credit in this and the last Guardians of the Galaxy film as Gamora.If I were to complain, or find something at fault, is that there isn't really a strong anchor in the story. And I'm not talking about character development because well watch the other MCU films to get that, but I mean that in terms of the emotional core, it's downplayed and often rather shallow. There are reasons for what the characters are doing, but in terms of a core story-line there isn't really one, so a lot of the more important characters, like Thanos and Thor, are downplayed to the point where it's basically a movie filled with subplots. If there was a central character or even a central emotional hook, then the movie would have more investment to be a standalone story-line, rather than just scenes happening.But for a "just scenes happening" movie, it works very well. It's not perfect, but it is an enjoyable ride if you are invested in the MCU. If you aren't...then why are you here?!… Expand
Despite the critic average reviews, this is the result of a mainly consistant hits from Marvel. The moviehas a great pace, lots of epic moments without being too bombastic and Thanos is possibly one of the best villians to ever be put toDespite the critic average reviews, this is the result of a mainly consistant hits from Marvel. The moviehas a great pace, lots of epic moments without being too bombastic and Thanos is possibly one of the best villians to ever be put to film. A must see on big screen.… Expand
As someone who isn't huge on comic book movies, but certainly loves some great ones, I was a little mixed going into this movie. The length of this movie is what really worried me the most, but what was I gonna do, not watch Infinity War? SoAs someone who isn't huge on comic book movies, but certainly loves some great ones, I was a little mixed going into this movie. The length of this movie is what really worried me the most, but what was I gonna do, not watch Infinity War? So I went in hoping for the best.I'm happy to say I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. For about 15 minutes. LOVED the opening, the brutality of it, and even the Thanos and Hulk fight. But once the movie gets going, it also gets extremely boring. It's just one enormous but boring action scene after another, and it became unbearable after a point.Somehow, I stuck with it and the ending wasn't the worst. But nothing about this movie, aside from its scale, warrants this runtime. The good scenes towards the beginning and an alright ending elevate this movie a bit, but not nearly enough to make up for the torturous other 2 hours.… Expand
'Avengers: Infinity War' smashed the box office record for biggest opening weekend taking in $258 million on its way to sprinting past a billion dollars in worldwide receipts, becoming the fastest movie ever to do so.The writing, visual'Avengers: Infinity War' smashed the box office record for biggest opening weekend taking in $258 million on its way to sprinting past a billion dollars in worldwide receipts, becoming the fastest movie ever to do so.The writing, visual effects, and a truly overwhelming amount of star power all make this film worthy of holding the title of reigning box office king.  But my predominant thought leaving the theater was wondering who the hell could possibly follow the film's dizzying two-and-a-half hour story arc ... much less all the individual Marvel story arcs that preceded it, considering 'Infinity War' is the culmination of 18 different superhero movies. I recognized most of the actors (and most of their characters).  But when you have three or four (?) different groups of heroes fighting three or four (?) different groups of baddies on three or four (?) different planets the film quickly turns into an all-you-can-eat buffet of action that, while still very appetizing, is quite a different experience than that of a neatly composed--and somewhat moderately portioned--meal.… Expand
Frankly there is no need to analyze this movie. It's not the end of the road because there is still an entrie for 2019 but it is undoubtedly the culmination of 10 years of story development and the creation of a true cinematographic universeFrankly there is no need to analyze this movie. It's not the end of the road because there is still an entrie for 2019 but it is undoubtedly the culmination of 10 years of story development and the creation of a true cinematographic universe that shares characters, worlds and events. Avengers: Infinity War had to be a huge event. A show to expose all the Marvel machinery and they did it.Finally, it truly feels like if a comic book passed the pages and became a film. The villain responded to expectations and the action was as epic as expected. There's issues with the pacing but you have to give them credit, with so many characters and events, they really pulled it off.Avengers: Infinity War was meant to be what it is and I think that's a good thing.… Expand
Overall, it's an enjoyable watch. The Russo brothers really pulled it off by splitting the movie into different subplots that all come together in the end. I believe there is no other way they could have made this movie as good as it is. However, it does suffer from an overabundance of characters. Most of them are filler and serve no purpose other than fighting Thanos or his servants. The plot is a little too convoluted and it's hard to follow the story. Otherwise, it's a good addition to the MCU and has a very impressive ending… Expand
Самый важный фильм Марвел не мог быть плохим фильмом.
Avengers: Infinity War is one of a kind, Funny, Serious at times and revolves around Thanos's character.Some characters felt left out to the point that I am a little dissapointed.
This film deserves a good evaluation and I hope the continuation will be worthy. I put 10 not because the fan is a marvel but because the movie is really good
This movie is very good. To some extent it's even brave, for the choice of a rather gloomy development, seeding very interesting elements for the next episodes.Cons: - It's a Marvel crossover. whoever reads the comics knows already pros and cons of this. Like the random unnecessary reintroduction of well forgotten characters. And the chaos. And the fact that no one dies in the Marvel Universe.- Good story but slow pace (similarly to Avengers 2).- Some minor story choices. Especially the Thor subplot: quite long and ultimately unecessary; every cool element introduced in Ragnarok is actually ignored here.- the mind stone: i mean what is it? it's the only infinity stone not seen in action.Pros: - Thanos. This movie is about him. I loved it. Even stretching his motives - quite different from the comic - he remains both mad and rational. very well developed.- Gamora. Finally some development of her character, after the disappointment of Guardian of the Galaxy 2.- Badass fightings: especially everything involving Spiderman and Doctor Strange, and Thor.- The time stone: doctor Strange has concocted something!- The soul stone: maybe the best part of the plot.… Expand
Movie was great.. no doubt.. but as I think It should have been about the real reason of thanos's love for mistress death.. I don't think he genuinely wanted to balance the life in universe..
What can i say about this movie? Best movie in the universe. It's the ideal thing that blockbusters should have.
Great Movie but i feel it shouldn't be a 2 hour movie not really enough time to explain actions of Thanos
O filme que todos esperávamos,guerra infinita mostra que toda a demora para Thanos aparecer foi compensada criando assim o melhor vilão do MCU,os personagens foram introduzidos da melhor forma possível e todos tem sua importância naO filme que todos esperávamos,guerra infinita mostra que toda a demora para Thanos aparecer foi compensada criando assim o melhor vilão do MCU,os personagens foram introduzidos da melhor forma possível e todos tem sua importância na história,os efeitos especiais e a trilha sonora estão incríveis e o final é realmente de explodir a mente.… Expand
I gave it a two because that's how many laughs I got out of this movie. It was predictable, bland, disappointing, and even the ACTION was boring. There are several characters that should've been in this film, but they were convenientlyI gave it a two because that's how many laughs I got out of this movie. It was predictable, bland, disappointing, and even the ACTION was boring. There are several characters that should've been in this film, but they were conveniently ignored (or brought into the end clip, nice job). The heroes that did have the spotlight made stupid/weak decisions and so did I for believing this would be a good film. I never thought I'd say this, but that was the worst Marvel film I've ever seen.… Expand
I love comic book movies and this is definitely the greatest one of them all.  There's so many cool characters and each one is given plenty of screen time, even the bad guys are cool well at least their powers are.  The special effects andI love comic book movies and this is definitely the greatest one of them all.  There's so many cool characters and each one is given plenty of screen time, even the bad guys are cool well at least their powers are.  The special effects and costumes are incredible and there's plenty of action throughout the movie.  I can't wait to see it again I was lucky to get the last ticket yesterday for a 10:10am showing and I tried seeing it today and I couldn't, all tickets sold out.… Expand
I won't be Spoiling anything in this Review, After having a day to think and Process Infinity War , Marvel Does it again and Hats off to The Russo Brothers For doing the Impossible and living upto the expectations. It is more of a experienceI won't be Spoiling anything in this Review, After having a day to think and Process Infinity War , Marvel Does it again and Hats off to The Russo Brothers For doing the Impossible and living upto the expectations. It is more of a experience from start to Finish which is Entertaining with a mixture of emotions and giving each and every character in the movie a moment to shine. If y'all Thought Killmonger was great wait until u see Thanos. Thanos is an embodiment of a perfect villain. The Emotions and dialogus delivered by Josh Brolin is Menacing and reasonable with his motives and mission being justified.Is it the Best MCU Movie Till date ? Its very Debatable but without a doubt it is the Best Avengers Movie till date.… Expand
this movie exceeded my expectations, i went into this movie hoping for one of the best mcu movies to date and walked out with it being not only for me one of the best comic book movies but one of the best movies of all time, the writing,this movie exceeded my expectations, i went into this movie hoping for one of the best mcu movies to date and walked out with it being not only for me one of the best comic book movies but one of the best movies of all time, the writing, acting, cgi, comedy, action, drama, etc. everything was damn near 100% perfect and on point, it was serious when it needed to be serious and funny without feeling out of place breaking scenes, it made me laugh and it almost made me cry(i was fighting the tears) the hour and a half flew by and made me wish it would never stop. and marvel has finally fixed its villain problem, Thanos is by far one of the greatest comic book movie villains ever, heck he is one of the greatest villains in any genre. i cant wait to see this movie again and again, it is and easy 10/10 for me no question.… Expand
I don't wanna feel bad after superheromovie. This was second time. Logan was the first.Why they have to kill everyone and so lame way. At least give them chance to fight for they lives. Let's just turn everyone to dust. NO!… Expand
Epic. Most shoking end scene I've seen in comic books movies. Every jokes have good timing. Marvel could assembled every one perfect and makes every one  important.  Thanos is perfect
A Marvel pegou nossas expectativas de fãs, riu de todas elas, pegou e as jogou no lixo e fez muito melhor. Felizmente conseguiram costurar 99% de tudo que tinham feito até agora.
What are critics say about this movie being bad? This was probably one of the best, if not the best MCU movie, along side Black Panther.
Spoilery Review...The NegativesThis movie had a bad idea from the start... Have all the characters at once. It's like they forgot Character Development. The story felt like Sonic Heroes where they were separate stories that collide at certain points. Except Sonic Heroes didn't have Plot Holes. If Thanos had all the power, why not double the resources instead of Half the Population. It has the same affect without half the people dying.Next up, the "kill list." Out of all the characters to kill, you chose they exact opposite of what you should've died (disintigrated, the people who die died were fine). You killed Black Panther, Spider-Man, Dr. Strange, Winter Soldier, Falcon, Scarlet Witch, Star-Lord, Drax, Groot, Mantis, and Nick Fury. You killed off all the new people. Now the original Avengers have to save the day. Next time give the brand new Marvel characters a chance without help. They seem casted out, like they want only the original Avengers to have screen time. Nick Fury is the only one that should have been disintegrated who actually was.The 20 something charactersThere are so many heroes I don't even remember how many there are. There is so little time to add ANY character development.The PositiveThis IS a Disney movie, so when it comes to acting, action and CGI, it does have that level of polish.Take this with a quarter grain of salt, because I love SpiderMan and Black Panther, but I know they'll come back at some point. So that's my honest review.… Expand
If you’re a fan of the Marvel Universe and are invested in the characters, you're in for some satisfaction and a few shocks. If you like lots of noisy fighting and chaotic editing, you'll find yourself loving it. It's plotted as usual: anIf you’re a fan of the Marvel Universe and are invested in the characters, you're in for some satisfaction and a few shocks. If you like lots of noisy fighting and chaotic editing, you'll find yourself loving it. It's plotted as usual: an evil power (Thanos) is intent on destroying much of the universe. The collection of superheroes is almost countless and their collective battles seem endless. Despite a few minutes of drama and some wisecracks, it's just bombastic overkill. The effects and visuals bring nothing new to the genre. As for the rumored dispatch of heroes, unless they pull future reversals, a number of stars are out of their contracts. The post-credit scene features even more upset.… Expand
I was looking at my watch a 1/3 of the way into the movie, its a bad sign.  The movie deviated on Thanos's backstory on his origin and Lady Death.  It was like a cook feeding you five good meals mixed together at once.  It wasn't horrible, but it would be more of a netflix than see live movie for me.  There were bits of the movie that were decent (stark/spidey, any scene with thor, a scene with gamora/quil), just wasn't a grand slam for me personally.… Expand
An overstuffed summer sausage of a movie that has a little too much of everything except for the ingredients that would make it deliciously tasty. The film's humor, special effects, performances and soundtrack all make for decent mindlessAn overstuffed summer sausage of a movie that has a little too much of everything except for the ingredients that would make it deliciously tasty. The film's humor, special effects, performances and soundtrack all make for decent mindless entertainment, but, as a film that seems to aspire to be more than that, it falls flat, largely due to some seriously glaring flaws that undermine the basic logic driving its narrative. That fundamental shortcoming, combined with an inadequate back story (essential for a complex, multifaceted story such as this) and a conclusion that assures a sequel to resolve what was left undone here (keeping the film from standing alone), undercuts this offering's other strengths. Have fun watching this one, but don't expect the kind of groundbreaking cinema that many claim it to be.… Expand
Amazing movie, great balance between action, fun and drama, amazing effects, a little flawed on some but still awesome, will go back to see it for sure!
I'll start with the positives. The Effects, acting, and choreography (with the exception of one fight) were all top notch. The actors, animators, and supporting staff should be commended for a job well done. Where this movie falls flat is the writing. If there's one good thing about this movie's writing, it's Thanos. He's one of the few MCU villains who is driven by what he believes is right instead of greed, and comes off as very relatable. He also presents an interesting philosophical dilemma which gives his actions meaning. It's the rest of the writing that falls flat. Spoilers begin now.There are a lot of things I thought were done poorly. Hulk decides to not be able to transform for no apparent reason other than the plot demands it. The wakandans decide to sacrifice tons of lives in a brutal battle in order to save one non-wakandan life (Vision), when the safer route would have been to destroy vision and the stone the moment he volunteers, all because the plot demands it. Stark, after getting his ass kicked by a couple lackeys, decides it's a good idea to engage Thanos directly. Stark also completely 180s on his fatherly need to keep Parker out of trouble because the plot demands it. Thanos is established to have reality-bending powers once he gets the Reality Stone, yet he completely forgets about them the moment the rest of the characters show up to fight him because the plot demands it. There's a fight scene where Black Widow and Okoye have a bad guy surrounded, yet the seasoned and skilled warrior Okoye decides to give up her tactical advantage by circling around and fighting the bad guy head on with Black Widow because, again, the plot demands it. However, all of these points would only drop the movie to an 8/10 in my book. The real reason I'm giving it such a low score is because of the ending. If all the characters who die unceremoniously were permanently dead, I'd be sad but not mad. It would have been a powerful ending that shatters expectations. However, one of the characters who gets whisked away is Spider Man, and guess who has a confirmed sequel slated for July 2019? That's right, everyone who died is coming back in the next avengers movie, presumably by having Captain America collect the dragon balls and make a wish to the dragon Shenron. Which means this entire movie has been pointless from a story perspective, unless we watch the next movie to see the story's conclusion. The ending makes the movie feel like a giant middle finger to the audience, but it could have been worse. At least it didn't cut to black in mid sente-… Expand
I didn't really have high hopes. Marvel has been on a winning streak with black panther, thor ragnarok and spiderman homecoming. I kind of assumed that it'd be too hard to balance such a large cast and with critic reviews being good but notI didn't really have high hopes. Marvel has been on a winning streak with black panther, thor ragnarok and spiderman homecoming. I kind of assumed that it'd be too hard to balance such a large cast and with critic reviews being good but not exceptional I didn't expect to be blown away... but blown away I was. Very impressed with it and excited to see what comes next from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. DC really needs to step up their game.… Expand
This movie was to much to fit into one movie if I tried explaining it to someone I would utterly fail. Sure there were some good aspects to it including the space drama and Thanos himself but overall it was a let down it was jammed with toThis movie was to much to fit into one movie if I tried explaining it to someone I would utterly fail. Sure there were some good aspects to it including the space drama and Thanos himself but overall it was a let down it was jammed with to much action and cgi and didn’t have enough drama and acting. Half the people had only one line! But as always there were less jokes then ragnarock but the guardians of the galaxy are very funny. So this movie left me with mixed ideas and a very confused mind.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War: 8.8	Everything has been leading up to this. Infinity War’s biggest challenge was somehow juggling dozens of characters coherently without making the entire narrative spread out too far, and it succeeded. EveryAvengers: Infinity War: 8.8	Everything has been leading up to this. Infinity War’s biggest challenge was somehow juggling dozens of characters coherently without making the entire narrative spread out too far, and it succeeded. Every character gets a respectable amount of screen time that they deserve without any of them feeling like cameos or out of place. From Spider-Man to Black Panther each hero’s intro is just as exciting as the last with each intro bringing the hero’s own flavor into the movie, and this helps the film feel like the absolutely giant event that it is. It has an unbelievable amount of stakes and is probably the most serious of all Marvel movies. There’s harrowing parts to the film that are small and big, but Thanos must’ve had a hand in writing the script because the amount of dramatic and comedic moments is perfectly balanced. The movie is far from short on good laughs. There’s plenty of laugh out loud moments that don’t seep into other parts of movie and ruin some powerful serious moments, which Marvel movies have struggled with in the past. And the powerful moments are POWERFUL. They range from happiness, excitement, sorrow, shock, and sadness. They hit you so hard that after the movie it’s as if you’re suffering from shellshock. Thanos as a villain is phenomenal. Down to his motivations and his CGI he felt like a real person, and not just a one dimensional evil for the sake of evil villain. He’s driven, he’s dangerous, and interesting. This is Thanos’s story, this is his movie. His unique power set given to him by the infinity gauntlet is used as well it can be used. One of the inherent problems with a villain who can basically do anything is that makes you ask “Why doesn’t he do that every time?”. The film deals with that very admirably to the point where that question is actually answered… most of the time. And Thanos’s Black Order are quite dangerous themselves. They feel so lethal that you consider that they can each best multiple Avengers in combat single handedly. Despite the intense saturation of characters and villain who can do anything, the film is actually quite well written in the sense that there is no bad, cringy, or overdone lines. Which is hard to avoid in a big movie that is half the time spent in space. The narrative itself is executed exceptionally. It feels like one continuous story and not a jumbled mess. It almost feels like it’s told in chapters similarly to Pulp Fiction, at least in the first half. Like many of the other characters, the original Avengers Theme(which is a character in itself) also makes an epic return throughout the film. Enhancing the intensity of the story’s biggest moments, while evoking goosebumps, nostalgia, and even tears. When it comes to the films faults they’re little and minor. There’s a few laughs that are indeed funny but are drawn out a little too long, causing the joke to overstay it’s welcome. And during the second act the movie drags a little, but it only might do so because of the great anticipation of how the film will end, and that anticipation may compel you to grow a little impatient. But it’s not fully a fault in the film itself. There’s some actions that the ability of being able to perform those actions are muddled or left unexplained, maybe I might’ve missed the explanations, but it took me out of the movie slightly when it came up. What didn’t take me out of the movie was the CGI. One of the main problems with Black Panther was the overuse of CGI in the film, but T’Challa’s suit is a nice real looking practical suit that looks great. Again Thanos’s visual effects are some of the best ever, and never did the thought of green screen or brief rubbery replacements of characters cross my mind. Overall, the colossal event of Infinity War successfully handles a large plethora of characters while leaving more than enough room for exhilaration, emotion, and consequence that is abundantly present in this film much more than the films that came before it. So I give it an 8.8… Expand
I read the comics and i never expected what was going to happen. that was amazing !! Also the vilain Thanos, one of the best vilains of all time. You feel that this time actually things are at stake and nobody is safe. Marvel has outdone themI read the comics and i never expected what was going to happen. that was amazing !! Also the vilain Thanos, one of the best vilains of all time. You feel that this time actually things are at stake and nobody is safe. Marvel has outdone them selves with this movie. Best hero movie so far hands down go see it.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War is dripping in Marvel's consistent mediocrity. Simultaneously overgarnished and underwhelming, Disney's latest cash-grab requires the complete digestion of eighteen earlier MCU films. You might also want to leave yourAvengers: Infinity War is dripping in Marvel's consistent mediocrity. Simultaneously overgarnished and underwhelming, Disney's latest cash-grab requires the complete digestion of eighteen earlier MCU films. You might also want to leave your sensibilities at home. The diaologue is a step up from Marvel's previous efforts; every character doens't speak with the wit of prime Richard Pryor. However, it's still painfully forced. Switching gears, let's take a moment to appreciate the geniuses that crafted this work. Top-tier actors and writers and a production value that would impress any nonchalant moviegoer. Technically, it's a perfect movie. But the standards of perfection are evolving, as is the cultural zeitgeist. Perhaps Disney should look towards the magic of its older works, because refining every aspect of a film until flawlessness is arguably getting old.… Expand
This movie has received quite good ratings from critics and viewers, but for me it was just a muddled mess.  I think perhaps you need to be an enthusiast of the series for much of what happens to make any sense.  For me it was just a seriesThis movie has received quite good ratings from critics and viewers, but for me it was just a muddled mess.  I think perhaps you need to be an enthusiast of the series for much of what happens to make any sense.  For me it was just a series of long / loud / pointless battle scenes.… Expand
I can't believe the hype on this. A nearly 3-hour cliffhanger? People are calling this the greatest superhero movie ever made? But the story is only halfway through... The first Avengers movie was a story with consequences and it hinged on the dynamics between the heroes and the politics involved in their motivations and stories. This movie is too full of IP to do that. It's essentially three hours of rock, paper, scissors. Endless showdowns where one power level clashes with another power level and one wins out based on the arbitrary decree of the rules. I think you have to be a gamer to find this interesting, and to think that Thanos is a compelling villain. That's another thing. I love Josh Brolin but his everyday bluecollar American male speaking style makes Thanos seem less than mythic. Superhero movies have maxed out on scale. Now that nothing short of the fate of the ENTIRE UNIVERSE is at stake, where will they go from here?… Expand
Was it Thanos...or was it actually Mathus the Avengers were fighting?  Overall, the movie was great popcorn fun entertainment.  Busy, busy start to finish, felt hurried, but just manages to get through without fatigue.  Here is my main criticism, as someone who doesn't know much about the MCU, did Thanos channel Thomas Robert Mathus in all his Marvel comic book appearances?  In the movie, Thanos' motivation to kill 1/2 the Universe's inhabitants is...ready for this... resource scarcity due to overpopulation.  Does "Hollywood" even suspect they can't sneak this political programming hornswoggle past anyone who is actually awake in the audience?  Or are they banking on the reality that most are figuratively asleep?  In this one, the anti-hero (or probably the true hero in the eyes of green party) acts like an intergalactic communist dictator...everything for the "good of the people".  What bothers me most, besides the unyielding indoctrination laced throughout our pop culture, is that Thanos was treated rather sympathetically by the story tellers.  Draw your own conclusions from that one super heroes.… Expand
A good hot mess.There's a lot of great action scenes making the movie worth seeing but the story gets convoluted and interest rises and falls. The reason for Thanos' desire of destruction is just plain stupid. A better reason would've madeA good hot mess.There's a lot of great action scenes making the movie worth seeing but the story gets convoluted and interest rises and falls. The reason for Thanos' desire of destruction is just plain stupid. A better reason would've made this a better movie.… Expand
No es mala, solo que se siente floja, hay un villano creible y el actor que lo interpreta le imprime mucha fuerza, me recuerda mucho a ultron, poderoso pero deprimido, muy capaz pero al final pierde... es el esquema de Disney en donde todoNo es mala, solo que se siente floja, hay un villano creible y el actor que lo interpreta le imprime mucha fuerza, me recuerda mucho a ultron, poderoso pero deprimido, muy capaz pero al final pierde... es el esquema de Disney en donde todo sale bien, no hay consecuencias, el bien siempre gana, los vengadores son lo maximo, 4 gatos en contra de millones de aliens y pueden con todos y matan a todos, no hay giros, no hay gracia, todo es previsible, capaz que la segunda es vamos a matar a Thanos y salvar todos mis amigos y al final estan en una fiesta super linda y se abrazan y se besan y son felices,y unos cuatro chistes y ya, que mas se puede esperar, nada, es una perdida de tiempo con respecto a la historia, los efectos estan bien hechos, al final es solo para verla una o dos veces, pero esta muy por debajo de series como juego de tronos o walking dead, una lastima pudieron hacer algo mucho mejor, infinitamente mejor, ja, un chiste disney… Expand
Visually it looks like the $200M production it is.  The story line was unfortunately weak as it romped through a buffet of characters.Thanos wins because the script says he must, not because he should, or because he had a better plan.  The good guys lose not because they they had a moral failing, they just don't ever seem to quite pull it together.  The film asks you to care about losing people, but this is Marvel - they ALWAYS come back for another episode.  The Hulk, Dr. Strange, a tech team of humans, and even Thor all swing and miss - why?  Because you MUST come back for another movie.  Why? Because DISNEY owns Marvel.I wouldn't be surprised if it takes TWO more movies for Thanos to lose and the fallen heroes to be returned.… Expand
I have loved almost all of the MCU movies before this one, so I was VERY excited to see it this past Saturday. Unfortunately, I walked away from the theater disillusioned and disappointed.First, let me say that I laughed, teared up, and was on the edge of my seat at points during this movie. There were some genuinely awesome moments in this film that were really pleasing. The overall tone of hopelessness and despair was countered well by moments of comedy and grandeur that worked well - mostly because of all the work the previous films did setting this one up.But that is one of my first issues with the movie - it does not stand on its own. And perhaps it was never meant to, but as a movie on its own, Infinity War simply fails. Most of what makes this movie enjoyable is the 10 years of backstory I have been hugely invested in. Without that, this movie is just a shell.That is all without mentioned the fact that this movie absolutely feels like the first 3 hours of a 6 hour movie. It has a strong first act, tense second act...and then it just ends, without an ending.Thanos as a character is given a lot of screentime, but nothing the writers did made me think of him as anything other than a genocidal maniac. Thanos is just as uninteresting as a villain as superman is as a hero. Ultimate power means doing whatever you want, which is exactly what Thanos does for two and a half action packed, but inconsequential, hours.And that ending. It is intended to rock fans to their core. But the character "deaths" that we see are undercut by two things. First, in Thanos' own words, the 50% of the population being killed are random. Our heroes are killed by an omnipotent force at random. Not exactly tense or meaningful. Second, any fans of the MCU who engage with the franchise at any level higher than just watching the movies knows that several of the characters who have "died" have films either in production or under contract...while many of the characters left behind are almost finished with their time in the MCU. This does set up Avengers 4 to be VERY satisfying, with the old guard set to either die or retire to make way for the (somehow resurrected) new.But just because the whole story (Infinity War and Avengers 4) is probably going to be amazing does not mean that this movie stands on its own, or is even good.Like I said, I was pretty disappointed by Infinity War - but I'm very excited for next year when I finally get to see the ending.… Expand
Decepcionante, esta a un gran nivel en cuanto a escenas de acción "diría que la mejor del genero" pero presenta un guion pobre, diálogos absurdos que no aportan absolutamente a la trama, subtramas que no contribuyen en lo absoluto, pudieronDecepcionante, esta a un gran nivel en cuanto a escenas de acción "diría que la mejor del genero" pero presenta un guion pobre, diálogos absurdos que no aportan absolutamente a la trama, subtramas que no contribuyen en lo absoluto, pudieron aprovechar ese tiempo para desarrollar la motivación de Thanos y mostrar su pasado pero es tan pobre y tan predecible que no te sientes ni a favor ni en contra, solo es un "ok no es para tanto".Black panther, Bucky, Banner, Mantis, la nación de Wakanda, la orden negra y el mundo entero "humanidad" desaprovechados... da la sensación de que la tierra estaba deshabitada cuando una de las naves de Thanos se puso sobre una de las ciudades... solo mostraron gente corriendo y ya, en este mundo parecía  no existir fuerzas militares ni nada, totalmente vació. wAKANDA no brillo en ningún aspecto, solo guerreros con lanzas, palos y rayos láser? el ejercito de una gran potencia habría contribuido mucho mas destruyendo a los Masillas con armas nucleares o artillería pesada.También debo señalar que no se toman enserio la hazañas y los limites de cada personaje, encuentras una mujer entrenada arrojando de una patada a un tipo que rivaliza en fuerza y agilidad a un super androide, personajes que no utilizan habilidades que usaron en sus anteriores películas que pudieron definir la batalla solo por el conveniente mal hecho del guion.En conclusión es una película bastante entretenida y bien hecha a nivel TÉCNICO, pero a nivel de Guion y del tratamiento de la gran mayoría de personajes... es absolutamente floja.… Expand
Wrong on just about everything. I see this a lot from people who think they know the Marvel Universe history just because they watched all of the movies.The movies have borrowed heavily from material in the comics from like 20 and 30 yearsWrong on just about everything. I see this a lot from people who think they know the Marvel Universe history just because they watched all of the movies.The movies have borrowed heavily from material in the comics from like 20 and 30 years ago. The Civil War happened 10 years ago in the Comics. The Infinity War was 20 years ago.  Stormbreaker, Thor's new hammer, is borrowed from a storyline from 30 years ago where Odin gave a survivor of an alien race the weapon so he can have the same powers as Thor. Technically Ragnarok hasn't happened, unless you count Thor #300.  The infinity stones, or gems as they were called in the Comics were discussed in detail. The first gem, the Soul Gem was in the possession of Warlock for decades, until a writer decided to build a story about five other gems, when combined gives one the power of a god.There was a trilogy to be exact: Infinity Gauntlet, Infinity War and then Infinity Crusade.… Expand
This movie is good because, it has loads of different variety's of characters and it has loads of action in it but one disadvantage i have is that the movie has a sad seen towards the end would makes you cry.… Expand
Don't believe negative reviews.THIS MOVIE IS AWSOME!!!All chars gave their best.Especially thanos his moves will give you chills.
I expected to be disappointed and I was - I hope this is the end of all superhero movies - America grow up.
It is a little surprising that the critic score here is not higher but understanding that not every critic is Hardcore MCU fan makes for the score a little more sense. It's a 9.5 from me, I don't remember the last time a movie has had such anIt is a little surprising that the critic score here is not higher but understanding that not every critic is Hardcore MCU fan makes for the score a little more sense. It's a 9.5 from me, I don't remember the last time a movie has had such an impact on me. That only happens at good TV shows finales (which this pretty much is after all). I can't wait it to see it again, many times. No movie is perfect but pulling this whole gargantuan thing off is that extra tipping point that pushes me for the 10 on Metacritics scale.… Expand
This movie will make you laugh, cheer, surprise, affect but most importantly (quoting Ultron)  this movie will tear you apart, from the inside.
Avengers: Infinity War is the biggest superhero movie release of the year by far. Everyone, and I mean everyone, either plans on seeing it or already has. I was looking forward to it, but I've started to get a bit of Marvel fatigue,Avengers: Infinity War is the biggest superhero movie release of the year by far. Everyone, and I mean everyone, either plans on seeing it or already has. I was looking forward to it, but I've started to get a bit of Marvel fatigue, personally, so I wasn't as hyped as I was in 2016 and earlier. The Marvel formula has just started to wear on me a bit. I expected Black Panther to break that mold based on the amazing reviews it got, but ultimately I was given another formulaic, solid Marvel movie. So while I was looking forward to watching Infinity War, I wasn't expecting it to blow my socks off. But it did just that: It blew my socks off. This movie is the culmination of the first 10 years of Marvel movies, which means that damn near every Marvel character we've seen in the movies (apart from Ant-Man and Hawkeye) are in it. And the plot follows the Avengers and various other small groups as they all attempt to stop Thanos' plan to wipe out half of the universe's population. The biggest problem I've had with the Marvel movies as of late is that there is no sense of danger. The villains never pose a real threat. It's always known that the superhero(s) will prevail and win the day. Infinity War...Infinity War is different. Much different. There is a sense of danger. There is even a sense of hopelessness at times. And as a result, there is no doubt in my mind that Thanos is by far the best MCU villain yet. I was also surprised at how well this movie works with so many big name characters. Does your favorite character get as much screen time as you may want? Probably not, but everyone gets fairly even amounts of screen time, all things considered. There are some pacing issues, but I feel like this is about as good of a movie as the Russo brothers could possibly make with all of the characters that are in it. At the end of the day, Infinity War is one of my favorite MCU movies yet (I'm not willing to give it a ranking just yet). It finally broke the mold that was starting to get a bit worn, and it sets the universe up for the next Avengers movie, which I'm fully expecting to be as good, if not better, than Infinity War. I can't wait for next year.… Expand
A kids' show. Everything (well, everything = the CGI-fest that this movie is) is so colourful and campy, the fights so phoney, the drama so unconvincing, and the plot so dumb (read: "non existant") and predictable, that Idonteven. Not sure ifA kids' show. Everything (well, everything = the CGI-fest that this movie is) is so colourful and campy, the fights so phoney, the drama so unconvincing, and the plot so dumb (read: "non existant") and predictable, that Idonteven. Not sure if a movie or a very long and boring cutscene from some R12 videogame.Verdict: Infinity Boredom.… Expand
Couldn't have asked for much more, thrilling from start to finish. For a Marvel fan this is just about as close to perfection as it gets.
I have never been more satisfied with a movie living up to expectations and also blowing them out of the water. If you somehow haven't seen it yet AVOID SPOILERS!!! Just don't go on social media, go on blackout. You don't want any of thisI have never been more satisfied with a movie living up to expectations and also blowing them out of the water. If you somehow haven't seen it yet AVOID SPOILERS!!! Just don't go on social media, go on blackout. You don't want any of this spoiled, trust me. I can't believe how well they weaved together all the plot threads of the past ten years into a movie that is all payoff. Yeah there's gonna be a part two and there's a cliffhanger, but the Russo brothers did a phenomenal job giving this movie its own identity with a beginning, middle, and end. I'm 1000% on board with what comes next.… Expand
There was a challenge, it's the conclusion of 10 years of work. 10 years of characters developement. At the end, it's one of the best marvel movie. It's so entertaining, it's the first marvel t want to watch an other time right away. AmazingThere was a challenge, it's the conclusion of 10 years of work. 10 years of characters developement. At the end, it's one of the best marvel movie. It's so entertaining, it's the first marvel t want to watch an other time right away. Amazing job, amazing character development on Thanos.… Expand
Worth the hype. Marvel really knows how to make a good movie with such huge cast. Some characters are under-powered and under-used, that made the story a bit pale. But there are special moments here and there, ready to give you strong wavesWorth the hype. Marvel really knows how to make a good movie with such huge cast. Some characters are under-powered and under-used, that made the story a bit pale. But there are special moments here and there, ready to give you strong waves of emotions.… Expand
Marvel has been building up to this conclusion for 10 years now, and have made a promise of a great conclusion. I am happy to say that Marvel has definitely delivered on that promise. Infinity war is both surprising and intense, but also hasMarvel has been building up to this conclusion for 10 years now, and have made a promise of a great conclusion. I am happy to say that Marvel has definitely delivered on that promise. Infinity war is both surprising and intense, but also has some light jokes and moments, which help stop the film from becoming too dark. The characters are the best part of the film, as throughout the whole 2 and a half hours, I did not see a character that I didn't like. High points for me include Doctor Strange, Star Lord and even Thanos, who unlike most villains, has a deep story and character. The only minor negative I have is there are so many characters, which makes the film seem slightly crammed. The film is also extremely surprising with so many plot twists. I never knew what to expect from the film, as when it seemed the film was on a straight track, it took a turn in a matter of seconds. Overall, Infinity War is an amazing film and I would definitely recommended seeing it if you are a fan of superheroes.… Expand
Grossartiger Film vor allem wen man sich mit dem mcu beschäftigt hat. Marvel hat es trotz einer enormen Menge an spannender und komplexer Charaktere geschafft eine nachvollziehbare grossartige storyline zu erschaffen. Vor allem das Ende warGrossartiger Film vor allem wen man sich mit dem mcu beschäftigt hat. Marvel hat es trotz einer enormen Menge an spannender und komplexer Charaktere geschafft eine nachvollziehbare grossartige storyline zu erschaffen. Vor allem das Ende war fantastisch und ich kann den zweiten Teil kaum erwarten.… Expand
As a standalone film, this might be one of the best action/fantasy blockbusters ever made that has little-to-no character development. As a new chapter in the Marvel Universe, it's absolutely solid and perhaps one of my favorites thus far. This movie has one purpose: begin the process of tying loose ends, which it succeeds at wholly. Thanos is a great villain--he has a definite shade of absolute evil, but he is never depicted to truly be insane or out of touch with his humanity entirely. He's not a stupid, 1-D or 2-D villain: he is a 3-dimensional character who for some reason has convinced himself that the universe needs to "be balanced." It's not nearly as developed as I would have liked to have seen: he explains his motivation comes from caring about resources, but there's no personally emotional experience that effected him directly for me to believe yet that he absolutely needed to do what he did. The movie is about 3 hours, yet despite this the content, story, and pacing kept me in the whole time and I wanted more by the time it ended. Having said that, the ending is brutal and heavy so I was, actually, relieved to have some quiet to contemplate. But, it's also Disney so they're going to fix everything in the next film guaranteed, no hesitation in that thought pattern.… Expand
For years, lots of Marvel films have had unsatisfactory endings and we've been told that it was just setting up this film. Now this film has arrived it just felt like a huge let down with an ending that was hollow and meaningless. Major characters die but you know they won't stay dead for long, thus taking away any jeopardy or weight from death. The fact that another Spider-Man and another Black Panther film is in the works already tells us all we need to know about how meaningless the ending was.… Expand
I've got to say that I definitely like this movie. It has great action and plot and is a good convergence of many of the MCU characters that have appeared thus far. However I'm a little disappointed by the crappy ending. Maybe the crappyI've got to say that I definitely like this movie. It has great action and plot and is a good convergence of many of the MCU characters that have appeared thus far. However I'm a little disappointed by the crappy ending. Maybe the crappy ending means that the MCU should've stuck with the titles "Avengers: Infinity War Part 1" and "Avengers Infinity War Part 2" as it made me feel the 3rd and 4th Avengers film are indeed 1 big movie split into 2. That sais, I can't deny that this is a good movie and I thouroughly enjoyed my time in the theatres seeing the action-packed fight scenes.… Expand
Marvel Studios celebrates its 10th anniversary with possibly their biggest and most ambitious film yet, 'Avengers: Infinity War'. A movie jam-packed with more than 60 main characters facing just one (albeit very powerful) villain, ThanosMarvel Studios celebrates its 10th anniversary with possibly their biggest and most ambitious film yet, 'Avengers: Infinity War'. A movie jam-packed with more than 60 main characters facing just one (albeit very powerful) villain, Thanos (Josh Brolin). You pretty much know the story, and it's very simple... Thanos is after six infinity stones (some of which we have seen in previous MCU films), and the Avengers, the Guardians, and other heroes do everything they can to stop him and protect those stones. What makes this movie work is that we see different characters meeting those they haven't met before, and the constant personality clashes do make for great comedy (something I've been very critical about in previous MCU films, mostly from 'Guardians of the Galaxy' and its sequel). The plot keeps you on the edge of your seat as you feel the tension that is about to rise and the danger feels almost too real for this universe. We also see some characters in their best form, but the most important thing to keep in mind is that this is mostly Thanos' story. The backstory and development we get from this character is so easy to understand and you find yourself - at times - wanting to root for him, yes, I just said that. Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo - who made two fantastic "Captain America" sequels - they manage to juggle and balance so many of these characters so well, and a very busy screenplay by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely still somehow manage to let the quiet moments sink in, while attempting to throw some of the biggest action set-pieces ever. It might actually be better than 'Captain America: Civil War' (2016). What I loved most about this movie is also the way it is shot. Without going into too much spoiler-filled detail, very early on in the film, a character, inside a building, feels some shaking as if there's an earthquake approaching. He steps outside and sees a crowd of people running towards one direction while he walks down the opposite direction. The camera stays behind him at shoulder-length. Some people trip and fall as they run, and he helps them up and asks them if they're okay and tells them to get to safety, the camera hasn't cut... we are still right behind him. He turns to a corner, and sees a particular device bigger than any landmark or skyscraper which is assumed to contain enough power to wipe out the population. The camera tilts up as he looks up in awe and fear. The reason I praise the camerawork, especially in this scene, is because most action movies (like the previous "Avengers" movies), would always cut to a wide shot of a giant device hovering over a city as if we - the audience - are giants looking down on this device. This particular camerawork is better because we get a sense of the scale of the danger, because it makes us feel small and vulnerable. The Russo brothers were wise to use this technique, and it's a technique I don't think gets enough praise. We saw it with 'Jurassic Park' (1993) right to 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' (2015) where the camera remains on ground level, but for some reason, other generic action films feel like they should make us big. All in all, if you're a Marvel fan, of course you're going to see this film. Fandango has already reported that pre-ticket sales suggest this film will crush several box-office records. Thanos is definitely the best part of the film, Marvel has sorted out their villain problem, and what makes Thanos so great is mostly down to Brolin's intimidating, yet, heartfelt performance. This is not a movie a Marvel fan will want to miss.… Expand
This is the Empire Strikes Back of our generation, absolutely awesome movie. You know nothing critic reviewers.
I would like to give more points to Infinity War. I could have given, but there are some problems in general that reduces my personal score of the movie. First of all, the movie is not that bad. It works well and you celebrate when you seeI would like to give more points to Infinity War. I could have given, but there are some problems in general that reduces my personal score of the movie. First of all, the movie is not that bad. It works well and you celebrate when you see some heroes fighting together. The villain Thanos made by CGI is really good, more than everyone, but for me there is some moments that you can see clearly this is a visual effect. I'm a kind of dissapointed but not so much with Hulk. He is good, but too funny (and for me it seems that Hulk does not appear because they used the budget to other things).The Final... Oh, THAT FINAL. I watched lots of movies in it premiere weekend, and the audience in the most part claps for it (included The Last Jedi). It was not what happenned with Infinity War, everybody was quiet absorving the movie. Unnecessary and not-emotional deaths to very loved heroes and a "Not a Part 1" finale that makes you feel trash and stupped. In the other hand this is good, because we don't fell necessity of what "Part 2" right here right now. PS: They just copied the story from X-Men: Days of a Future Past? Because they are very similar lol.… Expand
Not everything that glitters is gold! I’d say this often to the script-writers of the past years successful SciFi franchises. I mean, not every story that ends dramatically is profound, good or emotional. You do not become a name of the universal literature if you repeated the recipe with Romeo and Juliet. Neither applauded, nor famous, even rejected by some, and, definitely, you would polarize the audience. On the other hand, you get some franchise fans who will accept you uncritically, guardians of everything that's included in the story. Look at what's happening with Star Wars.Returning to Avengers, I see the scenario getting out of the accepted framework: they gave us 18 movies with the heroes of the Marvels universe (and movies about them) to kill them suddenly, unbalanced, easily.The last "Avengers" resembles an episode of Dr. Who (older). I paraphrase it: in the last episode they destroyed the universe to revive it the following season.Yes, it would seem. Although, there are some excuses for the TV series: the time crisis, the continuing production for several months (each season), the pressure of the producers, or of the heads of the TV station. The Rock-n-roll machine.But the "Avengers" franchise had almost everything: a huge budget, PR, enormous production resources, an army in the back.“Infinity War” is not even that movie that you can say about: is not so bad that if you take it out from the bigger story, it could be OK, but it ruins the larger universe ... No. It's a dry sum of mini-stories (for the many characters), some of them gathered together to die like fools.I quote a friend: What's the fool, the one who wrote the screenplay or the one who laughed at the jokes of the "Guardians of Galaxy"?… Expand
Was predictable, and there were several parts where the Russo brothers should have pulled the trigger yet seem scared to for some reason.
I’ve never been a Marvel Cinematic Universe fan; back in May 2012, the midnight premiere of The Avengers before I became a huge cinema buff, the only addition of the series I saw was Iron Man, which I felt no desire to watch again. I onlyI’ve never been a Marvel Cinematic Universe fan; back in May 2012, the midnight premiere of The Avengers before I became a huge cinema buff, the only addition of the series I saw was Iron Man, which I felt no desire to watch again. I only bought a ticket to The Avengers because some friends invited me. Afterward, virtually the whole world went nuts and called it the greatest motion picture ever, I however just saw horrific, nauseous action void of artistic purpose. While softer attitudes towards Marvel eventually came my way, people praising ridiculous junk food over quality art still sickens me.Even today, Marvel representing the early bane of my taste in movies still affects my outlook upon Avengers: Infinity War. Like Rocket Raccoon’s mockery upon anybody different, Marvel’s corporate heads blare their red logo in its abused emotional manipulation, whilst their followers turn a deep azure hue in moral discouragement.This incorporation of many characters turns toilsome on a full bladder, since long stretches between subplots average between 20-40 minutes until returned to. The editors couldn’t keep them consistently active, but sure, they got enough time for infinite out-of-place jokes! Thor’s first scene with the Guardians alone contains nonstop laughs increasing the total runtime threefold. Gags continue throughout serious beats, particularly one where Drax snacking on chips interrupts a sad romantic exchange.There are plenty… PLENTY of other flaws that ruin other evocative moments; whenever two combatants start punching and kicking, feeble battle choreographed by eye-sore camera movements looks set on anything besides vengeance. Rage seldom reaches full capacity, since no actors stayed on the same page: One aims to be optimistic (Chris Pratt), another aims to be deadpan (Robert Downey Jr.), and another cannot decide (Elizabeth Olsen), all cold in believability. Chadwick Boseman should take most of the blame as he continues his noncombative blank stares, alongside Chris Hemsworth as his obligatory smile disrupts any flow.You’re probably sick of me bashing a property you love, so I’ll give a few praiseful bits.After you acknowledge how Marvel’s surface visuals trick you into thinking it mastered sentiment, its subtext ends up quite effective. Right away in scene one, when Thanos takes down Hulk, he sets off a gradual growth of surprises, a greater threat in the end than at first.  Even more noteworthy, he plays a crucial role to Gamora’s arc, continued well off Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2. Though during his Infinity Stone hunt, Thanos has three motiveless extra-terrestrial children, who in turn weaken the intentional threat he’s supposed to give.The Russo brothers might potentially become phenomenal artistic directors in the future—they give each superhuman a satisfactory conclusion in the heavy-handed finale. Rocket Raccoon also receives a suitable amount of attention into a complex persona, alongside teenage Groot, who represents a teenager’s wartime psychology, only leaving his gaming device once he finds sudden flashes in deep deliberation. Soon, comicality stops altogether in an approach that overbears the remedy of many heart-shaped herbs.Alright, enough praise. Here’s a clear perspective against the overhype of such a gimmicky unforeseen divergence from Marvel. Last Friday, Avengers: Infinity War skyrocketed up to #10 on IMDb’s Top 250, bumping up to #9 on Sunday (though it’s back at #10 now), surpassing genuinely good films: Saving Private Ryan, the Star Wars original trilogy, The Green Mile, Amadeus, and even Citizen Kane!These classics knew how to present new ideas in clever ways, something the Russo Brothers failed at. Nothing they did here is as clever as you would want to think… the climax alone rips off The Lord of the Rings, an enduring trilogy about healthy retaliation, in its grand epic scale. Now, I understand Marvel does honor Stan Lee’s created universe enough to allow greater depth than previous superhero establishments, except those corporate heads beneath Disney’s control still insult the art of filmmaking by taking advantage of consumers for the sake of bank.Instead of futile cash-bait, imagine if we celebrated genuinely intelligent narrative commentaries on true problems? Or better yet, stopped hating on DC fanboys because of foolish loyalty to nonexistent people with abilities we could never hope to obtain? Then I can guarantee you that the world would become a much kinder place without the need for a dictatorial jerk in a dumb America costume telling us what’s important in life.… Expand
By far the best super hero made, any critic who says otherwise should be immediately fired, as they are completely worthless at critiquing.  Amazing movie from the begging to end.  I expected it to be disappointing, was completely satisfied.By far the best super hero made, any critic who says otherwise should be immediately fired, as they are completely worthless at critiquing.  Amazing movie from the begging to end.  I expected it to be disappointing, was completely satisfied.  Looking forward to the next one.  I saw it twice, very good both times.  Worth even a second and third view!… Expand
Infinity War is a very mature and emotional Marvel movie. From the very first scene, the stakes are set which adds tension to every part of the film. The pairing of characters is perfect and every storyline seems important. One of the worriesInfinity War is a very mature and emotional Marvel movie. From the very first scene, the stakes are set which adds tension to every part of the film. The pairing of characters is perfect and every storyline seems important. One of the worries I had was that the characters wouldn't match up well but luckily this isn't the case. The Guardians of the Galaxy fit in perfectly with the rest of the cast. The CG is some of the best I've ever scene and makes this universe feel alive and filled with history. There are plenty of surprises for us who've followed these movies since 2008. While there's some fan service, it doesn't overtake the film but adds to it. This is everything I hoped for and I can't believe it lived up to the ten years of hype.… Expand
These Marvel movies are all comedies now, not adventures played seriously but sometimes laced with humor as was the standard before.  It's all one liner driven with some of it slyly funny yes, but that's so easy compared to story craft whichThese Marvel movies are all comedies now, not adventures played seriously but sometimes laced with humor as was the standard before.  It's all one liner driven with some of it slyly funny yes, but that's so easy compared to story craft which in this overlong bloated padded bore of cliché laden recycled over-the-top ludicrous nonsense is slight.  What unpredictability exists is too little too late, and the unusually unbearable amount of silly flat-footed time filler introductions by each of the too many characters all thrown together in such a clunky 8 year old mentality kind of way it makes the word contrived seem too lofty for this level of brain drain.… Expand
Epic movie, with a very trippy ending. Did a great job giving each of the many characters enough minutes of their own to not feel manic and hurried. In the midst of a very brooding undertone, many humorous moments were a welcome break. AEpic movie, with a very trippy ending. Did a great job giving each of the many characters enough minutes of their own to not feel manic and hurried. In the midst of a very brooding undertone, many humorous moments were a welcome break. A quality film that leaves you thinking through just what the heck happened at the end. One of the best Marvel movies to date.… Expand
amazing, i teared up, i laughed, i was schocked, i was suprised... i was sad... i left the theater exhausted like never before, the ending was amazing, the cgi was extremely good, the 3d was worth as fk, go and watch this, BUT take restamazing, i teared up, i laughed, i was schocked, i was suprised... i was sad... i left the theater exhausted like never before, the ending was amazing, the cgi was extremely good, the 3d was worth as fk, go and watch this, BUT take rest before you do and let the credits wash over you for some quite… Expand
Infinity War is one of the most unpredictable movies of the marvel cinematic universe (even when it has some predictable things) The movie is entertaining and funny, is an 149 minutes long, but it doesn't feel like it. The performances of allInfinity War is one of the most unpredictable movies of the marvel cinematic universe (even when it has some predictable things) The movie is entertaining and funny, is an 149 minutes long, but it doesn't feel like it. The performances of all the actors is really good, but I had to highlight the performance of Josh Brolin  as the villain, Thanos. The character is terrifying and you can feel that something could go terrible wrong when he´s on screen, he is the character that, to me, is the most interesting in the movie, and thetas really good, because a movie like this without a great villain could not be a good movie, and Brolin brings something additional to the character with his performance, even when the character is made by CGI, the performance is still very powerful, is like Andy Serkis as Caesar in the new Planet of the Apes movies. The visual effects are, of course amazing and makes what the best visual effects do, make you believe that what is on screen is real. Now, I have to speak about the negative points of the movie. First, it is a lot, the story tat they´re telling here could have been not a bit of a mess (like it is the movie) if they were telling it as a 10 episode series or something like that, but a movie can´t do that, so the result that we have on screen is a lot, and sometimes you can forget what some characters were doing at the beginning of the movie because they appear in minute 10 and the appear again on minute 40. Of course, everything that´s going on is important, but that problem makes you feel a little disconnected with some characters. Speaking about the characters, there were some that were really useless in the movie, and they were only there because they were introduced before. Stay for the scene after the credits, it is amazing, not like the one in Spiderman homecoming. In the end, infinity war will please fans and it will make them even more anxious for the next avengers movie. Watch out at the end, maybe you'll cry.… Expand
GOD this movie was amazing... WTF bros you are geniuses. I was really afraid how they manage to deal with so many characters but damn... Marvel and MCU you manage to do something amazing. MCU is new level of cinema experience and IW itself isGOD this movie was amazing... WTF bros you are geniuses. I was really afraid how they manage to deal with so many characters but damn... Marvel and MCU you manage to do something amazing. MCU is new level of cinema experience and IW itself is not only one of the best superhero movies ever made but also one of the best war movie ever made :D. If you are MCU fan you will LOVE this and thats what i can garantee you... of course this movie is not for everyone. Reviews both from viewers and reviewers are mosty positive which is good but you may find some bad reviewes too? WHY? Well some ppl just hate MCU or superhero movies generally, we still got some angry DCEU fans running around here and also the worst kind... those who never seen any of the previous movies and now whinning that movie does not explain everything. Yeah and also some so called pro-reviewers decide to star new crusade against superhero genre... but those are not MCU fans and not the targetted audience... if you are MCU fan you will love this... emotions, action, chemistry, humor, realy and finally truly good villain, amazing ending... go to see it and if you got friend who never seen any of the previous MCU movies either keep him at home or make him watch previous movies first... we dont need another whinning dude ruinning around...BTW: with MCU its like with tv shows you also have to watch whole tv show and not only season finalle...… Expand
Decir que esta película es mala es de no tener gustos, porque aunque no te guste hay que reconocer que marvel a llegado al momento que todos se esperaban, todos y cada uno de los personajes heroicos tienen un buen protagonismo y Thanos comoDecir que esta película es mala es de no tener gustos, porque aunque no te guste hay que reconocer que marvel a llegado al momento que todos se esperaban, todos y cada uno de los personajes heroicos tienen un buen protagonismo y Thanos como villano es de lo mejor que se a echo en películas de super héroes.… Expand
Just something out of this world literally. Excellent direction, good plot and unexpected, Marvel delivered a movie to remember.
Review – Avengers: Infinity War. Llegó el fin de un ciclo que se fue construyendo desde hace diez años. Ésta, probablemente, es la película que más esperé en toda mi vida. La historia y el cómo fue contada… excelente. Parecía casi imposibleReview – Avengers: Infinity War. Llegó el fin de un ciclo que se fue construyendo desde hace diez años. Ésta, probablemente, es la película que más esperé en toda mi vida. La historia y el cómo fue contada… excelente. Parecía casi imposible poder meter todo en una película de dos horas y media, pero se pudo, y cada personaje tiene su momento, inclusive para luchar contra Thanos y lucirse. El guion, cómo se desarrolló y cómo se dirigió, para mí la vuelve la mejor película de Marvel Studios hasta el momento en este apartado. El final… no puedo decir nada, pero te deja impactado al igual que la escena post-créditos. Por último: cada aparición de los personajes importantes fue aplaudida, ovacionada, simplemente porque fue algo épico.La acción y las coreografías fueron únicas ya que estuvieron muy bien acompañadas del CGI. Es indudable que los Hermanos Russo son los mejores en cuanto esto si del UCM hablamos.Las actuaciones fueron perfectas. Cada actor se lució y le dio vida a su personaje de manera tal que varios sobresalen en sus papeles. Todos los personajes tuvieron su debido tiempo en pantalla (como dije antes), y no puedo estar más conforme con esto. Ver a varios personajes luchar juntos en algo único.¿El villano? El mejor de Marvel. Tiene desarrollo, personalidad, historia. Tiene todo. Thanos es simplemente perfecto en los estándares de villanos en Marvel Studios. Inclusive hablando en general, éste es de los mejores del cine de superhéroes. Hablaría más de él, pero sólo serían más alabanzas.El apartado sonoro es épico. Cada tema tiene lo suyo, y la edición de la misma es magnífica. Alan Silvestri se lució como en la primer película de los Avengers. Es perfección en su estado más puro. Probablemente todo esto esté beneficiado por lo que dije antes, la edición y también la mezcla se sonido. Le doy: 10/10. La mejor película de Marvel Studios. Es una película épica, interesante, emocionante, divertida. Pocas veces me sentí tan emocionado viendo una película. No lloré, salvo en una parte donde me salió una lágrima, pero nada más. Tiene un cliffhanger bien hecho, y ahora estoy realmente emocionado por lo que veremos en la cuarta película de los Avengers. Como dije, la escena post-créditos me dejó impactado, pero no puedo decir mucho más de la misma, salvo que es la mejor de Marvel Studios desde la de Thanos.… Expand
All over movie is good. better than AOU. but the problem remains same. they keep cracking jokes which makes . I liked only one character doctor strange. he was only serious about everything. banner trying to make hulk out and hulk dont wanted to, that part in starting and in end were so stupid. no good music, no avengers theme, no any sequence there is no any fight I see from captaion and black panther, just a few punches.even end was not that good. I thought this movie will be better than first one but now I know first one will always stay best from all.Tony didn't stay in earth and I didn't like it.action scene were good but not compared to what we saw in civil war.This is very big movie, there must be some scenes and actions which supposed to be unforgattable. You will also feel at least one time that this isn't movie about avengers or saving earth/universe. its about thanos and gamora story. good time wasted there.I hope next part will be better than this.it has its flaws and big disappointments, but still its watchable movie and forgettable movie too.… Expand
It was a visually stunning movie, but it was all just that. It has good action scenes, with some character building for Thanos, but other than that it has no stakes, and most of what we were teased will likely be in the next movie. There areIt was a visually stunning movie, but it was all just that. It has good action scenes, with some character building for Thanos, but other than that it has no stakes, and most of what we were teased will likely be in the next movie. There are maybe 2 or 3 moments in the movie where I was surprised in a positive way. I came out of the movies feeling almost nothing about what happened. We were teased with this huge ansamble of heroes, yet Civil War had more heroes together at one point. Age of Ultron had more stakes in the larger picture of things than this movie. Overall it is a forgetable movie as it has absolutley no impact for the MCU. Eveirthing they did in this movie will be undone in the next one, and that is for sure.… Expand
Absolutely fantastic, when you consider that there is over 20 characters clawing for screen time this feels like no one is left in the shadows, they all get their little moments to shine and character development as we have grown to know andAbsolutely fantastic, when you consider that there is over 20 characters clawing for screen time this feels like no one is left in the shadows, they all get their little moments to shine and character development as we have grown to know and love in the MCU.The development of Thanos as more than just a "villain of the week" is great, you get to see why he wants to do what he wants to do, you see the fight from his point of view and why he thinks people will not only accept what he does for them, but worship him as their saviour. One thing is for sure as you walk away from Infinity war.... you're going to be looking up the release date for the next MCU film to see where this goes.… Expand
Most likely best movie ever made... if you love MCU you will love this... so many characters yet so deep and epic. Of course if you hate MCU or superheroes or you are DCEU slave you will not enjoy this... but in that case GTHO
The best superhero film so far. Thanos - while the villain - actually stands out as his own character, much like Loki has in his films. The cast is superb, the acting is sharp and the writing is good. Strap into your seat and be prepared toThe best superhero film so far. Thanos - while the villain - actually stands out as his own character, much like Loki has in his films. The cast is superb, the acting is sharp and the writing is good. Strap into your seat and be prepared to be taken throughout the entire universe, because from start to finish, this film isn't boring. Every minute is used for something and drives the story forward. All the wait wasn't for nothing on this film.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War may be the greatest Marvel Film of all time. Even though the film is quite long, you're always clinging to your seat... and that ending man, i can't wait to see what happens in part II.
just saw the film yesterday, the movie was awesome, did everything I wanted and more.so sure, it's just a popcorn film.BUT WHAT A BLAST!
What is the value of spectacular special effects in movie that leaves you feeling empty and betrayed. The Matrix: Revolutions was more heartwarming.
completely boring movie, the plot has more holes than swiss cheese , thats what happens when you put so many super heroes into a movie , at some point you have to underpower everyone because otherwhise the movie would be over after 20 minutesi also personally dislike the idea of connecting every franchise together, that way you just cant have clear rules anymore , like whats possible and whats not , in his own movie doctor strange was able to trap dormamu in a loop until he accepted that theres no other way , where did that power go ?… Expand
Positives:1. VisualsI liked the visuals. The sets were nice and distinctive, the characters were well designed and distinct so I knew the differences between every character visually.2. CharactersIf you are a fan of the MCU, all of your old favorites are back from the previous movies. If you are not a fan of the MCU, the personalities of most of the characters are still charming, consistent (mostly), and realistic.3. ActingAll of the characters were believable, and the actors really good.Negatives:1. WritingPlot holes everywhere. There are many character actions and events that don't make sense and are not explained. There are many elements, plot points, and moments that go nowhere, are pointless, or are overshadowed or discarded by other elements, plot points, or moments that go nowhere or are pointless. There is a scene (and I don't count this as a spoiler) of Iron Man, Spiderman, and Dr. Strange getting into a fight started by Starlord's entourage that has no bearing on the plot and just ends in a joke. That whole scene could have been cut out of the movie and nothing would have changed (and this is why I don't consider it a spoiler). The humor doesn't rise from a situation, but rather from characters acting silly sometimes in conflict with their character.2. DensityThere is too much stuff crammed into this movie. There are so many characters and so many locations that none of them make any impact or are even focused on in any meaningful sense. Some characters don't even get their names called out at all, like Scarlet Witch. I don't think a non-marvel fan or someone who hasn't seen any of the Marvel movies in the past would ever connect with any one of these characters or even remember any of their names.3. NitpicksThe Villan's plan doesn't make sense, as there are a million better ways to achieve his goal with unlimited power.Plot points are introduced and are abandoned seconds later.Nothing is focused on.The movie bounces around from location to location with no consistency or logic.There are scenes made for the trailer, and some scenes in the trailer are never in the actual movie.The character's personalities and abilities have drastically changed from one movie to another, with no reasons given. Some characters are more powerful than they were before or have abilities they didn't have access to before. Some characters are less powerful than before or have abilities taken away without explanation.Summary:Watch this movie if you love the characters already but don't quite remember what they can do, are extremely flexible with the movie's explanations and story, and can get past the plot holes.Do not watch this movie if you want to see something well put together by a bunch of people who care about these characters, know their backstories and plots, and who try to avoid plot holes and form sensible explanations to the events in the movies. If you can't get past plot holes, or if you have a good amount of knowledge of these character's abilities, don't watch.… Expand
This film is flawed because it succeeds in giving virtually everybody their respected onscreen time. The pace is high from start to end, but that's about it. Story-wise there is almost nothing. Just different packs of heroes doing theirThis film is flawed because it succeeds in giving virtually everybody their respected onscreen time. The pace is high from start to end, but that's about it. Story-wise there is almost nothing. Just different packs of heroes doing their heroic stuff. Some fail (Iron Man/Dr. Strange), some almost scream for a spin-off (Thor/Guardians).Brolin as Thanos steals the movie. The CGI and smart framing make him look fantastic. I don't dig his motivation (prophet/ecologist/saviour). I'd much rather see the comic book thing - courting Death. This would make a lot more sense. Also - I see this as a missed ball. Making Death his motivation, Marvel would open the MCU to another level of entities - maybe for Phase 4 or 5?Yet I find it funny, that Thanos suddenly accomplished what he wished for in a matter of days, without even breaking a sweat. That was made too easy, despite occasional sacrifices on his side. Yeah. He does that in the movie.Lots of character are underused (Gamorra, Loki and Banner), some are somewhat taken back in their development (Quill acts like Guardians vol 2 never happened; hell - the whole movie almost acts like it.The movie delivers in terms of simple fun. The pace gets you through the 2,5hr long piece without the feeling of being bored. The laughs are in, the tears too. It's just as if it was just a bit too rushed on some points. Yet compared to Last Jedi, this should get an Oscar.Maybe my score will change with Avengers 4, as some decisions (I am looking especially at you Dr. Strange) might become more sensible.Go, see it for yourself. I was a bit dissapointed, but I will watch it again, when it comes out on BR.… Expand
Coming from a huge Marvel fan I feel a little bit let down from this experience. This is by no means a bad film, I still enjoyed it. There are too many story arcs running simultaneously and I can't help but feel this was a part one despiteComing from a huge Marvel fan I feel a little bit let down from this experience. This is by no means a bad film, I still enjoyed it. There are too many story arcs running simultaneously and I can't help but feel this was a part one despite removing that from the title. The script was spectacular and Thanos' character was fleshed out well. The biggest weakness this film had was the ending and how I just didn't feel like anything is concrete. Perhaps that's the burden you create when your universe is so vast.… Expand
The movie builds with the plot with plenty of action, humour with the last few moments was tense, thrilling and heartbreaking. The movie is an Action Masterpiece.I can't seem to get the movie out of my mind ! Loads of content, all of ourThe movie builds with the plot with plenty of action, humour with the last few moments was tense, thrilling and heartbreaking. The movie is an Action Masterpiece.I can't seem to get the movie out of my mind ! Loads of content, all of our lovable heroes, hilarious as always and fantastic action sequences Marvel is always known for, yet focused on the huge ambitions it tries to achieve.Its not just any movie, an EPIC that threads together 18 movies before it which makes it massive than any movie ever made. It has everything fans expect from a Marvel movie but also delivers some unexpected things, a truly unpredictable ending that might surprise/frustrate the audience but enough to makes us wait for AVENGERS 4 already.Kudos to Russo brothers for their incredible effort in making this huge movie, also remembering Joss Whedon, Jon Favreau and all the directors involved in earlier movies and of-course Kevin Feige, the mastermind behind MARVEL STUDIOS for making this brilliant crossover universe possible !Avengers Infinity war is a perfect gift for fans from MCU in their 10th year anniversary! A Movie to enjoy and experience in theaters !… Expand
To go into as few spoiler details as possible while still explaining my rating: this is tragedy porn.Seriously. I came in expecting a certain amount of unresolved awfulness thanks to this being a to-be-continued kind of movie, and thereTo go into as few spoiler details as possible while still explaining my rating: this is tragedy porn.Seriously. I came in expecting a certain amount of unresolved awfulness thanks to this being a to-be-continued kind of movie, and there were a couple of in-character screwups that caused tragedy, which I'm fine with. (After all, that's the old definition of a tragic hero: one who screws everything up BECAUSE of their heroic nature.) This, by contrast, comes off like someone was more interested in pushing emotional buttons than telling a story. There were some good moments of characterization and character interaction, and the actors did a good job of seeing this thing through, but seriously, Russos? You had to cram in another torture scene or another weeping-over-the-dead scene instead of, you know, explaining the sudden relationship upgrade between two characters that seems to have happened since Civil War, or what certain characters have been doing for the last couple of years? I've seen all the Marvel movies at least once, and I was still mildly confused by some things, and annoyed that other things were sped through so quickly so that the writers could get to more ANGST.May I add that this is also a very railroaded story? Because every single use of the Infinity Stones here will remind you! Screw you, heroes who are actually trying to succeed! There's only one way this movie is gonna go and you're gonna stick to it!A lot of people seem to like this movie, and I'm not gonna begrudge them that. I don't see why they like it, but, y'know, that's their business. But I can't recommend this slog to anybody, not even when I factor in the bits that I really, really liked. And it's definitely one to avoid if you have certain phobias.… Expand
Exciting and competent. This film brings together the last decade of Marvel movies in a mostly successful extravaganza. However, it definitely should've focussed a bit more on being a good standalone story, with some resolution and reason.Exciting and competent. This film brings together the last decade of Marvel movies in a mostly successful extravaganza. However, it definitely should've focussed a bit more on being a good standalone story, with some resolution and reason. Instead, this movie starts out very strong and then turns into a less satisfying build up to the next Avengers film. The visual effects, cast ensemble and direction is good, but the writing suffers because of the desire to keep the audience spending money in the future. Also a lot of the character decisions and logic are completely off. Such as, having the Time Stone and deciding not to fix some of the devastating events before it is taken away from them. This film lacks higher storytelling ability and basic intelligence. As with any Marvel movie though, it isn't without it's flaws and is not intended to be a brilliant work of art... Nevertheless, it is still extremely fun, exciting and the action is non-stop. I enjoyed the film very much and look forward to seeing backlash and conclusion for the story in MCU films ahead.… Expand
It's like Transformers, but with a story intact! All the Transformers movies were epic to me, but as the sequels came, the stories got more and more lost. Not Avengers: Infinity War. As an ex-comic collector (over 15 years), I was quite wellIt's like Transformers, but with a story intact! All the Transformers movies were epic to me, but as the sequels came, the stories got more and more lost. Not Avengers: Infinity War. As an ex-comic collector (over 15 years), I was quite well acquainted with Thanos. My biggest worry was how they were going to pull off a weird looking hulk of an alien like him and not make him look like a doofus. Pulled off they did. Thanos was convincing and menacing, but most importantly he felt "real". Of course, no one can fault the fantastic, solid cast in the Avengers - Captain America, Iron Man, Spider-Man, Scarlet Witch, Dr Strange, etc. (though I missed Hawkeye) were all rock-solid and it's amazing how their characters shined through despite the very very full cast of the Marvel Universe. The action was epic - this is where it reminds me of Transformers - where the CGI was fantastic, blended well, etc. The difference? Infinity War had a rock-solid story that tied in all the characters really well, and it had a whole raft of emotions - funny, sad, poignant, shocking, surprising, mindblowing moments all came through the movie. It is one truly epic movie that deserves to be on the big screen. I love it, and can't wait for the next part. Highly, highly recommended.… Expand
The moment every MCU fan and nerd has been waiting for! And it did not fail to deliver! Infinity War delivers epic and amazing scenes one after another. All the heroes present shine and give it their all to take on the villains and save theThe moment every MCU fan and nerd has been waiting for! And it did not fail to deliver! Infinity War delivers epic and amazing scenes one after another. All the heroes present shine and give it their all to take on the villains and save the world. And Thanos truly lives up to the title as one of the biggest and baddest villains the MCU has ever faced. The Russo brothers do an excellent job of balancing the right amount of comedy and action, and staying true to some heroes quirkiness and heroism. All the action and massive scale fights are awesome and breath taking. And an absolute spectacle and marvel that must be seen to be believed. You can't call yourself a Marvel fan if you don't see this film!… Expand
A strong movie that ties together more movies and characters unlike any other. And what about Thanos, a enemy with a LOT of nuances. The gauntlet´s powers is awesome to watch. And now Thor finally shows his true self. That scene where heA strong movie that ties together more movies and characters unlike any other. And what about Thanos, a enemy with a LOT of nuances. The gauntlet´s powers is awesome to watch. And now Thor finally shows his true self. That scene where he arrives in Wakanda with Rocket, Groot and Stormbringer... Iron-Spider and Iron Man with nano-tech. WOW! You never know who will survive and who dont. Epic movie, with thrilling scenes and a story with good drive.… Expand
I’m really mixed to positive on this one. It’s hard to explain my feelings about the movie without spoiling it, so I’ll say this: the things that this movie does well, it does it REALLY well. Thanos was great as villain (his motives, not soI’m really mixed to positive on this one. It’s hard to explain my feelings about the movie without spoiling it, so I’ll say this: the things that this movie does well, it does it REALLY well. Thanos was great as villain (his motives, not so much), the action scenes were good, I liked most of the character interactions, there were some emotional scenes that were done well, and a few things will transpire that you won’t see coming, which was very exciting. After Thor’s last atrocious solo outing (Ragnarok), I didn’t really care much for his character but this time around, the Russo’s brought the thunder (pun intended); he was my favorite of all the Avengers in this film (even though there were some still some residual Ragnarok traits, I’m willing to forgive them). The things that it does bad, it does REALLY bad. A lot of the humor was contrived; some of those emotional/dramatic scenes were ruined by poorly timed jokes, something that Ragnarok and GotGv2 suffered from immensely. Towards the middle of the film, the scenes seemed to kind of jump all over the place but that’s just a small nitpick on my part. Certain characters were handled in a way that really bothered me, but I can’t divulge on that point without spoilers. Lastly, the ending just fell flat for me; I understand what they were trying to do with the ending and it DID work to some degree, but for everything that happened in the movie and for it to end the way it did…it just didn’t sit well with me. Overall, I thought the movie was good…the Russo Brothers are excellent directors (Winter Soldier is still, by far, my favorite MCU film) and I’m ready to see what they have in store for Avengers 4!!! 7/10… Expand
As a standalone movie, it's not the best Marvel has conjured up but this was never meant to be a standalone; in fact, none of the movies in the MCU are standalone movies. They all connect and lead up to this - the greatest assembly of heroesAs a standalone movie, it's not the best Marvel has conjured up but this was never meant to be a standalone; in fact, none of the movies in the MCU are standalone movies. They all connect and lead up to this - the greatest assembly of heroes in movie history, and that's what makes it spectacular. To see the culmination of a grand scheme 10 years in the making displayed so wondrously on the big screen is a moment in cinematic history to savor.… Expand
I was very impressed by the latest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe! The movie truly handles it's huge cast well, and the action is intense and jaw-dropping. The story is very impactful, and one of Marvel's best to date. If youI was very impressed by the latest addition to the Marvel Cinematic Universe! The movie truly handles it's huge cast well, and the action is intense and jaw-dropping. The story is very impactful, and one of Marvel's best to date. If you haven't seen ANY of the other movies, you will be quite lost, but if you've seen even one or two, the movie will definitely make sense to you.… Expand
Мстители: Война Бесконечности- самый эпический фильм Marvel! Сюжет интересный, и не простой как в других фильмах Marvel. Взаимодействие персонажей- самый лучший момент фильма. Танос получился очень крутой и мотивированным злодеем, за которымМстители: Война Бесконечности- самый эпический фильм Marvel! Сюжет интересный, и не простой как в других фильмах Marvel. Взаимодействие персонажей- самый лучший момент фильма. Танос получился очень крутой и мотивированным злодеем, за которым интересно наблюдать. Черного ордена, как по мне было мало и их быстро убили. В фильме не понравилось слишком сильный Тор и в некоторых местах быстрое повествование. Юмор отличный и смешной. Вообще Война Бесконечности фильм не про Мстителей, а про Таноса!… Expand
I really enjoyed this movie because it took the time to make sure that all of the characters meet together, that we got an excellent background on Thanos. We felt the chaos of the Avengers, Dr. Strange, and the Guardians as they all try to come to terms with Thanos's power and meeting each other.  Although Loki died off because his character arc was complete and the Hulk has trouble being the Hulk; Thor Odinson really stepped it up and has come such a long way. Thor no longer has any family left. his homeworld is obliterated and half of his people are dead yet still, he fights. Stark watches everyone around him die hopefully believing that Dr. Strange picked the best outcome for the world. Sometimes the galaxy murder has to win. Now we are left with the OG Avengers and some other "lucky" survivors. I was tense the whole movie, enjoyed the complex dialog, enjoyed the characters all coming together and still acting as themselves. I enjoyed watching all the powerful female characters fight alongside their male counterparts and I thought it was good that they made this the MCU changing movie. In my opinion, they were able to pull it off very well and I'm interested in seeing more of what the MCU has to bring to the table.… Expand
I am shocked! The improbable movie, I thought that there will be an unsuccessful copy of the Black Panther, but I have been pleasantly surprised.Thanks for the fine movie.
A good movie with a lot of unexpected events. Story is told perfectly not only from the perspective of the heroes but the villain too. Some characters were lacking screen time but they weren't as important as other characters that got justA good movie with a lot of unexpected events. Story is told perfectly not only from the perspective of the heroes but the villain too. Some characters were lacking screen time but they weren't as important as other characters that got just enough of it. The villain Thanos in my opinion the greatest villain in the MCU, he's story and motives are great, they weren't soft but yet dark in some way.… Expand
After a successful set up for almost 10 years, Avengers: Infinity War is the latest film in the MCU that will surely satisfy all the Marvel fans out there. With its gorgeous visuals and a complex villain, make sure you don't miss out watchingAfter a successful set up for almost 10 years, Avengers: Infinity War is the latest film in the MCU that will surely satisfy all the Marvel fans out there. With its gorgeous visuals and a complex villain, make sure you don't miss out watching this one.… Expand
This is the best movie and most epic movie i watched EVERRRR !! I just want to watch this movie again and again and can't wait for the avengers 4
World of light did a way better job at the end. And by the way, Super Smash Brothers is the ultimate cross over.
Intense and grande, Avengers: Infinity War is worthy of great respect.  Marvel heroes from all walks of life, from Thor to Spiderman, get caught up in Thanos' scheme to cull the universe of half of its life and no one is safe.  And still itIntense and grande, Avengers: Infinity War is worthy of great respect.  Marvel heroes from all walks of life, from Thor to Spiderman, get caught up in Thanos' scheme to cull the universe of half of its life and no one is safe.  And still it manages to share a laugh, to make us smile, and in end have the viewer feel great empathy for the heroes' struggle.  The villain is complex, the protagonists vulnerable.  It just looks great, it moves well with no boring parts, and I don't know if it could stuff any more characters in it.  Utterly charming, I loved it.… Expand
Without spoiling anything, I'd say that this movie was good for what it was supposed to be: Part 1 in a 2 Part major epic to show Thanos' story arc for the MCU. Now there are a TON of characters in this movie and they are all given at least aWithout spoiling anything, I'd say that this movie was good for what it was supposed to be: Part 1 in a 2 Part major epic to show Thanos' story arc for the MCU. Now there are a TON of characters in this movie and they are all given at least a share of screen time, enough to warrant their inclusion in the movie. Each part of the movie felt important to the overall story and they've set us up very well for the second part, due out Spring of next year. I personally like it more then Age of Ultron and right about where the first movie was all those years ago. It's clear thought that the MCU is nowhere even close to slowing down. It'll just be very interesting to see how they go from here....… Expand
Not a perfect movie, but only by a hair’s width. This movie is a reward for seeing all the previous MCU movies. If you missed them, you will find this movie confusing, but I think they were counting on it during development.Avengers areNot a perfect movie, but only by a hair’s width. This movie is a reward for seeing all the previous MCU movies. If you missed them, you will find this movie confusing, but I think they were counting on it during development.Avengers are established, no background required. And all the exposition go to .... Villain. Finally an all around complex and proper villan I am talking disney classic villain level of villain. He makes this movie great, I actually think that he can be considered the main character of the movie and all the Avengers are the obstacles he is overcoming, not the other way around, and it works!!!So much is happening all the time but he is there in the center, like an anchoring stone around which it all revolves.That is not to diminish the humor in this movie, I can recall a joke being flat and there is lots of them. And lots of style, there is IM humor GotG humor, Spider man humor, all consistent all fitting.While I dont want to oversell it, to make somebody overxcited. But this, was the most entertaining/ engaging movie I have seen in a Loooong loooong time.… Expand
The term "Avengers" used as the title of this movie is incorrect, just like Captain America "Civil War" was incorrect. This is not an Avengers movie; this was Infinity War featuring The Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy. While theThe term "Avengers" used as the title of this movie is incorrect, just like Captain America "Civil War" was incorrect. This is not an Avengers movie; this was Infinity War featuring The Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy. While the movie's nomenclature is just a minor derailment, the movie itself is good. Action, loads and loads of CGI bombastic action. There is a plot underneath all of it and it all steers in the right direction, but it feels less like the logical conclusion to the whole MCU and more like the midway point from a sprawling RPG. You know what I'm talking about; the heroes are closing in on stopping the villain from doing whatever evil he's about to do only for something to get in the way at the very last moment and then "WHOOSH!" they fail and the bad thing happens.In other words--Infinity War was basically the plot from the midway point of Final Fantasy 6. The acting was spot on, though some actors are begging to show their age (and perhaps their time is actually coming to a close in the MCU). One of the biggest standouts was actually Josh Brolin, which as everyone knows is just the voice of Thanos but combined with the really well-done CGI and emotive development of Thanos was able to make a truly powerful villain come to life. The only real gripe I have with the entire movie was the really lackluster post credit scene. I won't spoil it, but the delivery of the next thing to come left me with more questions than answers. Other than this, Avengers 4 has a really strong setup; I just hope they don't throw this all away.… Expand
An excellent Marvel movie. I would not go as far as to say the best Marvel movie, but top 3 for sure. It was a nonstop, exhilarating movie with one of the best casting ensembles of all time. You'll love it.
Star-studded with a huge plot, the action-packed third film in the Avengers franchise delivers all what it sets out to give us: it is funny in all the right places, and it gets very emotional a little bit here and there (my friend jerked someStar-studded with a huge plot, the action-packed third film in the Avengers franchise delivers all what it sets out to give us: it is funny in all the right places, and it gets very emotional a little bit here and there (my friend jerked some tears, sitting next to me in the theater). It's a come-together for all the superheroes we've come to love and stan to face a challenging threat that may literally wipe off half of the world's population, and never does it ever fail to entertain (I had some doubts about its almost two hours and a half running-time but it ended up flying by). "Infinity War" sure is a visually-stunning treat for all sorts of movie-goers.… Expand
Avengers:Infinity War is one of the best MCU movies. Thanos is a great villain, the actor Josh Brolin did an excellent job. For sure Thanos is the best villain in the MCU in my opinion. I enjoyed the story, the visuals, and the action. 10Avengers:Infinity War is one of the best MCU movies. Thanos is a great villain, the actor Josh Brolin did an excellent job. For sure Thanos is the best villain in the MCU in my opinion. I enjoyed the story, the visuals, and the action. 10 years in the making ...it was worth the wait.  8.5/10… Expand
Marvel never disappoints and with Infinity War they have an epic achievement. Taking all these heroes and attempting to make a compelling story is a tall task, but the Russo Brothers do it seamlessly, with an ending that is masterful. A
A blockbuster in every sense of the word. Big action, incredible special effects, and characters that you care about and want to see succeed. I did have a problem with the use of "this could all have been prevented except for one character'sA blockbuster in every sense of the word. Big action, incredible special effects, and characters that you care about and want to see succeed. I did have a problem with the use of "this could all have been prevented except for one character's incredibly stupid and unnecessary action that sealed the fate of the universe" but otherwise the film was enjoyable. Also, has one heck of an emotional punch at the end that leaves you breathless for part II.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War is nothing more than Marvel's greatest achievement in its Cinematic Universe. It's incredible to see the evolution of all these movies since 2008, when Iron Man came out and was met with a favorable reception. And, asAvengers: Infinity War is nothing more than Marvel's greatest achievement in its Cinematic Universe. It's incredible to see the evolution of all these movies since 2008, when Iron Man came out and was met with a favorable reception. And, as the climax of this universe that has been built up for ten years, Infinity War does not disappoint.The nineteenth movie of the MCU brings in a well-written story full of twists and shocks that'1l make superhero fans freak out at any moment. Not only this, but the entire cast was amazing, and seeing all of these heroes interacting together for the first time is something that will stay in the memory of everyone for years. At the same time, all of the action scenes are indeed memorable and jaw-dropping. However, the best thing of Infinity War's story is how it takes risks, and changes the whole "Marvel Movies formula". It is simply unpredictable. The whole plot has its epic, funny and jaw-dropping moments, but it also has its sad, devastating, and shocking moments. Basically, you won't be ready for the movie, even if you think you are.The entire cast was amazing, but the highlight was definitely Josh Brolin as the movie's antagonist, the Mad Titan "Thanos". His performance and character development are definitely the best aspect of the movie. He's menacing, dangerous, strong, but has another side of him that no one truly recognizes. To say it short: Thanos is simply the best villain in the MCU.The special effects and CGI are also spectacular, as well. There's nothing much to talk about.However, one little flaw that Avengers: Infinity War has, is its pacing. Some scenes are way too fast, and some take too much time to get complete (for example: The Battle of Wakanda). This was something inevitable, of course. Everyone expected something like this to happen in a movie with over thirty characters to focus on. But still, the pacing is definitely not the best.But anyway, Infinity War is simply the best chapter of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, as of now. It breaks boundaries, it redefines the superhero movie genre, but above all, it succeeds in being the result of a ten-year build up of multiple movies. 9.5/10.… Expand
It's not perfect. But that is to be expected with so many characters. Still, to have such a diverse cast and do almost every character justice, truly is an achievement.
I wasn't sure what to expect going into Infinity War. But I was seriously overwhelmed by what we got. The movie is easily the best of the MCU and defos one of the best movies of all time. The characters were brilliant, the fights were amazing and the story was driven home, especially for the third act. I was afraid all the characters would clash and be all over the place but it worked out amazingly. Characters like Iron Man who was amoung the first to feel the threat Thanos placed, Banner who along with being Thanos' first victim also had trouble with the Hulk that's explored reasonably well in the movie. Even the more smaller characters have time to shine, like Spider-Man who had some good banter with Doctor Strange, Nebula who is given more indepth about her relationship with Thanos and Gamora. Of course the deaths are where the movie truly shines, the first being Heimdall, and then Loki. When your movie has the nerve to kill off one of the most popular characters then you know your villian and the movie mean business. Gamora was another heart jerker as we knew what Thanos was about to do while Gamora herself remains oblivious. Then the big wipe out at the end, heartbreaking especially with Spider-Man and Groot (Dad). Overall Infinity War is one of the best movies I've seen and I cannot wait to see how they top it after Infinity War's sequel.… Expand
I will keep this one short.  While the movie is playing, you will be drawn in, fully engaged and entertained.  A few plot holes will register, but the frenetic pace will make you put them aside.  At least until it is over.  Once that happensI will keep this one short.  While the movie is playing, you will be drawn in, fully engaged and entertained.  A few plot holes will register, but the frenetic pace will make you put them aside.  At least until it is over.  Once that happens however, you will be tested.  Are you someone that checks their brains at the door and can just enjoy the movie, forgetting everything you saw and just remembering the experience.  Or are you someone that remembers almost everything you saw, and cannot help but tally up the 25+ plot holes (at least 10 are major), that are buried in this movie.  Normally, that would be the death knell of any movie, but as you can see from my score, it still manages to be quite watchable.  Just not the glowing praise that many would give it.As for the writers explanation that Thanos did not do a specific thing (no spoilers) due to him "not wanting to", is laughable.  That is an excuse, not a reason.… Expand
Robert Downey Jr. and Benedict Cumberbatch were fun to watch.Need more Doctor Strange screentime for future projects,please..
Only the Russo bros can assemble this gargantuan task into a entertaining slice of Marvel ecstasy! Hurray you did it and avoided the countless mistakes of films like Matrix who shoot two films at once and failed miserably. They opted to doOnly the Russo bros can assemble this gargantuan task into a entertaining slice of Marvel ecstasy! Hurray you did it and avoided the countless mistakes of films like Matrix who shoot two films at once and failed miserably. They opted to do them separately and it shows. The film sparkles with actions sequences that captivate the mind and senses and leaves us wanting more with a horrific haunting ending to this chapter.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War. I don't even know what to say. After 10 years of anticipation, Infinity War has finally arrived, and boy does it deliver. Awesome action, mind-blowing visuals, and some of the best character moments I have ever seen inAvengers: Infinity War. I don't even know what to say. After 10 years of anticipation, Infinity War has finally arrived, and boy does it deliver. Awesome action, mind-blowing visuals, and some of the best character moments I have ever seen in a superhero movie, both for the heroes and the villain. Thanos is by far the best MCU villain so far, and a villain on a similar level as Darth Vader and Heath Ledger's Joker.In addition, this movie has one of the best cliffhangers in film history. By the time the credits rolled, I was in absolute shock and I was at a loss for words. I couldn't even process what I had seen. Never before have I seen a theater stand up and give a standing ovation for a film.I don't want to spoil anything. Just go see this movie. You will love it. I will go so far as to say that this film is the modern day Empire Strikes Back.Thank you, Marvel. Thank you, Kevin Feige. And Thank you to the entire cast and crew of Infinity War.… Expand
An extremely captivating experience 10 years in the making. Loads of fun. One of Marvel's great achievements.
The first Avengers, for me, is still the best. After that it used to be Civil War, but that has now slid to third place. Infinity War has replaced it at number two. I've already seen it twice this opening weekend. Avengers assemble!!!
Great movie.  One of the best villains I've ever seen.  I was somewhat unprepared for the ending that was rather abrupt, but knowing there is another part coming makes it acceptable.
Anvengers Infinity War es una película que deja al espectador con un conjunto impresionante de emociones. Es entretenida, divertida, te mantiene pegado a la pantalla, épica, triste, emocionante, frenética, graciosa y mil etcéteras.Los queAnvengers Infinity War es una película que deja al espectador con un conjunto impresionante de emociones. Es entretenida, divertida, te mantiene pegado a la pantalla, épica, triste, emocionante, frenética, graciosa y mil etcéteras.Los que acompañamos este maravilloso UCM fuimos bendecidos con una película, que si bien tiene bastantes errores, entiende a la perfección a los fans, y escucha todo lo que hemos pedido en estos 10 años.Muchas cosas se conectan o arreglan de manera estúpida, y es lo que menos me gusto de la película, por ejemplo (no spoiler) cuando cierto personaje queda unos segundos en el espacio y sale a la perfección, o como cierto personaje llega a un planeta transportándose de una manera que nunca se supo que podía.Pero esto es mínimo al lado de lo que significa Infinity War, una película que no solo te deja con las ganas de que venga YA la siguiente, sino que te deja con la incertidumbre de no saber, no saber como continúa este increíble UCM.… Expand
This cannot be an masterpiece, but it's far away to be negativated. It's a very, very good movie! 69 DC retards have disliked this.
Honestly,the best marvel movie to date ( that i have seen, i still haven't seen civil war,don't ask me why) In the beginning you don't feel yet the chill to your bones ,but then the movie get's absolutly fantastic with unpredictible plotHonestly,the best marvel movie to date ( that i have seen, i still haven't seen civil war,don't ask me why) In the beginning you don't feel yet the chill to your bones ,but then the movie get's absolutly fantastic with unpredictible plot twists, fightsThe visuals are as usual very great ,with the infinity gauntlet to bring even more action on screen The fights where great,and you really feel they need to work together to defeat Thanos Even humor and emotions where well done and some moments made me actually sad or really happyAnd it doesn't happen a lot if am on the edge of my seat,because what a great endingFinally disney has some ballsNearly every superhero got some screentime,with some to bring big surprisesThere where a few annoying moments ,but that's literally the only thing i can think of Thanos ,was by a long stretch ,the best villain in the mcu,he wasn't just an evil guy with evil intentions,we got some actual depth , and made him feel like a normal person with bad intentions,to the point i actually slightly agreed with himIT WAS AN ABSOLUTE BLAST,GO WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!… Expand
No sólo con los poderes, también en la trama abusan de las conveniencias del guión; pero la película está bien. La verdad, era algo que pudo habérseles ido de las manos a los de Disney, pero supieron manejar una historia más o menos coherenteNo sólo con los poderes, también en la trama abusan de las conveniencias del guión; pero la película está bien. La verdad, era algo que pudo habérseles ido de las manos a los de Disney, pero supieron manejar una historia más o menos coherente con una cantidad excesiva de personajes. Ya lo siguiente es una cuestión muy de mi gusto que me molestó: la película tiene un ritmo demasiado rápido, incluso agotador. No sé si sólo es idea mía, pero en muchas partes sí se notó que el trabajo de edición fue un infierno, pues había varios saltos de eje y cortes que no iban a ningún lado (me imagino que fueron las escenas re-grabadas y otras eliminadas de plano).… Expand
Fantastic movie with all the characters youve come to know over the last 10 years. The ending really surprised me and was not was i was expecting. Unlike the zero rating crybabies i was comppletely entertained. Dont go see a movie based onFantastic movie with all the characters youve come to know over the last 10 years. The ending really surprised me and was not was i was expecting. Unlike the zero rating crybabies i was comppletely entertained. Dont go see a movie based on what others think go see it for yourself and make your own opinion. For me it was great and ranks 2nd in my list of favorite marvel movies.… Expand
Great movie.Nice to have that kind of ending for a change. Kind of moot though with other sequels due.Critics average score of 68 is predictable .
The true score is from the fans that go to watch it.
Generally critics are too critical ofGreat movie.Nice to have that kind of ending for a change. Kind of moot though with other sequels due.Critics average score of 68 is predictable .The true score is from the fans that go to watch it.Generally critics are too critical of these types of films.… Expand
Ever since the 1st mention of Thanos and the infinity stone teases, I have been in anticipation for this movie. Not sure if it has been a full 10 years for me, but it has sure felt like it. I was very afraid going into this that the movieEver since the 1st mention of Thanos and the infinity stone teases, I have been in anticipation for this movie. Not sure if it has been a full 10 years for me, but it has sure felt like it. I was very afraid going into this that the movie would be a bloated disaster that favored f quantity over quality.  I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case.    Yes, there was a lot going on, but the Russo brothers found a way to balance action and drama. I believe the pacing of this movie felt right to me for two reasons.  First, the interconnecting arcs allowed the right amount of screen time to each hero / villain. Second, Thanos as a villain had a lot of character development, which gave depth to the CGI Titan.  The acting was on par with the other films, but I also have to give a special nod to Tom Holland for acting his ass off in one of the more memorable scenes.    If you have been a marvel movie fan or just a fan in comic book movies in general, this is a most see.  I would not recommend this film to those who have not seen any of the other marvel films, as this was a “sum of its parts” creation. In my opinion the film should be judged in conjunction with its predecessors, as opposed to a standalone piece.… Expand
jksldddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd;fkkn;fsjdfklsjdfkl;jsdljfiesjfkdl;asjdfoiesjdfklds;j fdsjkf SAPKDFJ ls
I just hope it appears galactus, and I do not like that the role of Thanos is a ruthless villain, when it is for love, if love to death and to get his approval must have killed half the universe.Although it is nothing to the comic the story is very interesting, I hope that Part 2 is spectacular.… Expand
The Marvel Cinematic Universe recently hit the ten year milestone and for those that have not followed the popular franchise, Avengers: Infinity War marks the first time that a number of the popular characters have appeared on screen together to battle the lingering threat of Thanos. This alone makes the film worth seeing, as almost every single major character makes an appearance.The story loosely follows the Infinity War comic series, tailoring the story to fit the MCU (as well as creatively replacing characters that Disney did not have the film rights too) and focuses on Thanos’ obsession with the Infinity Stones. The mad titan has Hitler-ish aspirations to “save” the galaxy, which involves wiping out half of it to save the remainder and is currently in possession of two of the six stones, with the remainder spread among the various realms of the MCU. While this may sound familiar if you’ve seen any of the other films in the series, what really makes this story special is the teaming up of various characters that have not appeared in the same movie previously which really adds a fun dynamic to the film. This is a bit of a double edged sword, as it makes the film a bit hard to follow at times with so much going on.With such a huge cast, it is to be expected that some characters have more screen time than others, but I was pleasantly surprised to see some of the newer or less popular characters (Dr. Strange, Bruce Banner, Mantis, and Drax) receive more screen time. While series mainstays Captain American, Black Widow, and Falcon appear multiple times throughout, they are sidelined for much of the film, with only a few lines each. I can honestly say that Captain America’s awkward introduction with Groot is one of the funniest lines in the film. The weak link throughout is Chris Pratt’s Star-Lord, who makes a number of questionable, selfish decisions that arguably go against his scoundrel with a heart of gold character the previous films built upon.Up until this point, I hated Tom Holland as Spider-Man. Hated isn’t even a strong enough word to describe my feelings towards him, as I was a huge fan of Andrew Garfield’s portrayal of the character and felt a bit betrayed as a fan when Sony cut his trilogy short in favor of rebooting the franchise with the new actor. On this outing, Spider-Man really steals the show, with his Iron Spider suit that was only teased at the end of Spider-Man: Homecoming joining the mix. Holland’s third time as the wall crawler marks him finally hitting his stride, adding some much needed comedic relief to this film, which was needed to even out the darker tone.While the acting is simply stunning on all fronts, the writing is a bit lackluster at times. Some of the more recent Marvel films have seemed to shoehorn comedic tones into the films when not really needed, which I believe was partially due to the success of The Guardians of the Galaxy. This has been hit or miss; this go around, the writing lets the smartass quips flow naturally from the characters known for them and rarely feels forced. Dave Bautista’s Drax, no doubt a fan favorite in the vein of Groot after this appearance, is simply hilarious anytime he’s on screen.The laughs come often, but by the end of the film most fans will be stoic, if not crying due to the overly bleak ending. The body count is staggering to say the least, with many major characters being removed from the equation. Sure, this is a comic book movie where they could and probably will bring most if not all of the characters back, but I have not been this torn on an ending since The Walking Dead introduced Negan.If you are hyped about the film, you’ve likely seen most (if not all) of the MCU’s other ventures. While many of the past films are enjoyable as standalone experiences, Infinity War requires you to see most of the previous movies to fully understand the narrative and all of its moving pieces. Because of this it might lose some of the younger viewers, as my five year old struggled throughout the film despite it being rather action packed and quick to the point. The fight scenes are all well done and the sheer size of the climax rivals the enormous battles from The Lord of the Rings films. I found the various forms of the Iron Man suits to be a bit overused, as there are a whopping four versions counting War Machine, Iron Man (with his new nano-somethingorother suit that looks more like Venom-like symbiote than Venom does in the new movie trailer), Spider-Man, and a fourth surprise character (you can probably figure this out by the trailer alone, but I won’t spoil it).If you’ve been following the MCU, this is what ten years of work has lead up to and absolutely worth the wait and countless hours invested in the franchise, for both those involved in the film making process and viewers alike. I am just saddened that it’ll be another year before we can see what the next Avenger’s tale has in store for us.… Expand
By far one of my favorite movies of all time, right below Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2. I originally didn't care about the movie until I saw all the hype and decided to check it out, and boy, I was going to miss out on a masterpiece. TheBy far one of my favorite movies of all time, right below Guardians of the Galaxy Vol.2. I originally didn't care about the movie until I saw all the hype and decided to check it out, and boy, I was going to miss out on a masterpiece. The story of Infinity War is pretty cool and I love how important each of the characters felt for the lore. The characters themselves were great too, especially the GotG members as I do enjoy a good amount of humor in movies. The fighting going on within the movie itself led to amazing scenes where the characters actually thought up strategies. Oh, and the ending itself was pretty good, but I think it could have ended a bit better. Overall, Infinity War is such an amazing film and deserves a 10/10 from me.… Expand
Afetr 10 years creating one universe all gets to this point, amazing movie, you cant even blink to dont miss any details. 10/10
Is not that bad but the end is the worst part of this film, is frustrating,is uncomfortable but a good point is that the movie is not boring
10 years in the making of this truly deserved masterpiece a ground breaking bold piece of genre film making
To enjoy this movie I think you need to have a background in Marvel Cinematic Universe, and if you have it... you are gonna enjoy it TOO MUCH. This movie is amazing, at least from my point of view is the best Marvel movie.
This movie was fantastic. The reason it works so well is because most of the world building and character develop was already done in previous movies. This means we do not need to waste time introducing everything and everyone. We getThis movie was fantastic. The reason it works so well is because most of the world building and character develop was already done in previous movies. This means we do not need to waste time introducing everything and everyone. We get straight into the action and it does not stop. I loved all of our heroes' parts especially how they integrated Dr. Strange and Spiderman.Some of the humor was a bit much, but did not de-rail any of the scenes. I also thought some of the acting on a few characters dragged out and were overdone. Again, it did not really bother too much.… Expand
Yo nunca he sido un fan acérrimo de Los Vengadores. La primera me pareció simplemente una película bastante entretenida de unos tíos que se juntaban, que al principio tenían sus diferencias, pero que luego se acababan uniendo y se daban de palos con unos cuantos alienígenas mientras contaban montones de chistes y digo...vale bien pero ¿nada más? Luego La Era de Ultron fue un "más de lo mismo" hecho sin ganas, con un villano lamentable que tenía el carisma de una zapatilla vieja...Pero esto señores/as...oh my god...OH MY GOD. Es un poco incorrecto el uso del término que voy a utilizar pero esto es un jodido SPACE OPERA y es que Marvel acaba de hacer un peliculón de Star Wars de forma involuntaria. ¿Por qué digo esto? Pues no sé, ¿tal vez porque Thanos es posiblemente uno de los mejores villanos de los últimos tiempos? ¿tal vez porque el argumento consiste en diferentes subtramas, las cuáles te interesan mínimamente todas? ¿Tal vez porque te ilusionas con la aparición de cada uno de los personajes? ¿Tal vez porque no paran de ocurrir cosas y sucesos importantes, hasta el punto de ser incapaz de hablar de ella sin spoilers?¿Tal vez porque por primera vez una película de Marvel sientes incluso suspense a lo largo de esta? ¿Tal vez porque Marvel ha tirado la casa por la ventana en cuanto la espectacularidad y efectos especiales? ¿O quizás por ese impactante final que te deja con el culo torcido de la misma manera que lo hizo en su época el "Yo...soy tu padre" de Darth Vader en El Imperio Contraataca? Bueno creo que ya he dicho suficientes posibles razones. La cuestión es que sean cuales sean las razones, Avengers: Infinity War no me ha dejado, en absoluto, indiferente y que han sido unas de las dos horas y media más cortas de mi vida. Por primera vez veo algo de ALMA en una película del MCU. Algo que no veía vamos desde las dos primeras pelis de Spider-Man de Sam Raimi. Posiblemente los típicos "intelectuales cinéfilos" rabien cuando vean mi diez, pero ¿que queréis que les diga? Que vean y promocionen ellos lo que consideren inteligente y digno...y que a mí me dejen en paz.La única pega que le pongo es la pega universal que tienen las pelis de Marvel: algunos chistes anticlimáticos. No es una cosa exagerada como Spider-Man: Homecoming o Thor Ragnarok...pero sí que hay coñas que siguen estando de más y que te sacan un poco de la película. Lo que me ha cabreado sobre todo, han sido las coñas de Star Lord, ¿De verdad es necesario que sea tan payaso? Osea, Gamora le está pidiendo que la mate si Thanos la captura y él erre que erre con sus tonterías. Pero lo peor es la escena en la que al final Gamora es capturada, Star Lord se lo piensa si la mata o no y cuando lo hace resulta que la dispara con una pistola de burbujas...¿¡A qué narices ha venido esa mierda tío? A ver. Aparte de sacarte de la película y bajar calidad a la película ¿Aporta algo más?Bueno, a pesar de todo, esta es una de las películas más oscuras de Marvel por no de decir la MÁS oscura. Y salvo esos escasos momentos, todo lo demás...CHAPÓ.… Expand
Ten years in the making and worth the wait.  To see the story arc finally reach this point was a genuine pleasure and overall, I found it an amazing experience and the long running time didn’t feel long enough, I wanted to see more of them.For:1. The heroes. The chance to see every MCU hero we have grown to know and love finally together in one film was priceless, and some of the unexpected meetings were genuinely funny and interesting to watch.  I particularly enjoyed Thor meeting the Guardians and Peter’s jealous reaction.2. Action and CGI. The action sequences are fantastic, well-orchestrated and the CGI looked great, everything appeared weighty and physical.3. Laughs. The comedy was used to great effect despite the gravitas of some parts of the story.4. Storyline. The gravitas was far greater than we have seen in previous MCU films and made the whole spectacle far more intense as a result.5. Thanos. He is a great antagonist, and they gave him enough back story to let us try and comprehend his reasoning for wanting to wipe out half of the universe.  His CGI was also excellent.6. What next? The ending was profound and has left me wondering how on earth they will bring back some of the characters who I didn’t expect to die.  I imagine some who’s contracts are up with the end of this film and Avengers 4 might well be out of the MCU for good, such as Loki and Heimdall for example.  The effect of having the people crumble to dust was very good and added a sense of shock and despair to the events.7. “Bring me Thanos!” Thor’s arrival in Wakanda with Rocket and Groot to turn the tide of the battle was my favourite moment.Against:1. Wakanda.  It is a preposterous location and should not have been used for the climactic final battle.  Everything concerned with it in this film and in Black Panther was a negative for the franchise.  To imagine that such a technologically advanced country could exist on earth, hidden away through all of history while the African countries around it suffered generations of war, famine and exploitation is frankly ludicrous.  The existence of Asgard is more plausible.2. The final battle.  Modern armed forces don’t line up in ranks like Napoleonic armies, they don’t stand there chanting like Zulus, and they don’t charge to meet a numerically superior force in Medieval style melee.  They would have dug in, set up layers of defensive positions, made the space between them and the enemy a no-mans-land and mowed them down as they tried to charge in.  Also, what happened to the Wakandan air power we saw in Black Panther? The alien forces seemed to have no air capability, so they could have rained down destruction on the swarming creatures.  The Wakandan also had some very nice hover vehicles to deploy their troops, what about a few hovering tanks with particle cannons?  I guess Steve, Bucky, Sam and Rhodey forgot all of their military training.Even with a couple of negatives, this film is easily a ten, and I can’t recommend this film highly enough if you are an MCU fan.  If you are not, then watch all the others first and then watch this one.  Can't wait for Avengers 4!… Expand
(I did not read the comics at all) This movie was probably one of the most "did not expect 2 b amazing" movie I've watched in the past 3 years. Amazing CGI scenes, good humor and decent writing - and an ending that kinda blew my mind as I never expected it to turn in this direction. 2 1/2 hours of pure fun, so many characters from so many other movies - my favourite just simply being Thanos... Idk why, but that dude is amazing! Gave the movie 10/10 - not a letdown for me... And pls ignore all these 0/10 ratings as they troll hardcore. (This is a personal opinion, there are definitely people that expected other stuff from this movie or were kinda pissed off at the ending but the heck dudes - there is a pt. 2 coming, why cry so much?… Expand
MUST WATCH MOVIE !! Best movie everything in this movie is perfect and stunning full of entertainment
A flurry of emotions, Avengers Infinity War keeps you at the edge of of your seat through its over two-and-a-half hour duration, its lack of focus being the only factor that separates it from perfection.
After 10 years of films, we have finally reached the endgame. Every star(save a few) from every movie from Iron Man in 2008 to Black Panther earlier this year comes together in hopes of stopping the pinnacle of bad guys: Thanos and the payoffAfter 10 years of films, we have finally reached the endgame. Every star(save a few) from every movie from Iron Man in 2008 to Black Panther earlier this year comes together in hopes of stopping the pinnacle of bad guys: Thanos and the payoff is immense, enjoyable and admittedly complicated. The scenes play out like a comic book should, with focus jumping from one group on this planet, or another group on another planet, back to another group traveling in space. My heart goes out to anyone who hasn't at bare minimum Avengers 1, 2 and Civil War, and even then you still won't know about a certain Guardians of a certain galaxy. I personally, as a fan of these characters and someone who's seen all the movies(except maybe Thor 2), wasn't too confused, but I can't vouch for everyone and the average joe would likely go nuts trying to remember everyone's powers and why they hate certain characters and why certain characters aren't on speaking terms. On one hand, I can't discourage anyone from seeing a good film, but this film should definitely come with a warning label to go watch the others one or this movie could seem like it's way too many cooks in the kitchen.Now onto the best things: Josh Brolin as Thanos absolutely owns every scene he is in, and that's no small feat when sharing screen time with Robert Downey Jr, Chris Pratt and many many more. He comes off less like a villain hellbent on conquering the world like a generic bad guy, but more like a man burdened with knowledge will. One can tell that care was taken when crafting just how threatening Thanos' presence is. he's huge, he speaks calmly. Thanos doesn't make demands or give orders, he tells you what you will do and how things will end, and it is so. Thanos isn't necessarily as psychotic as Loki, or as unfeeling as Ultron, but his resolve and near limitless abilities dwarf all other villains before him. you could even say the previous MCU villains where all tests, and now the Avengers have reached the final boss. The action scenes are, as expected, spectacular. The Russo brothers have shown us once again that they showcase some of the best action not only in the MCU, but perhaps of this generation. In Captain America: The Winter Soldier, they managed to give us spy movie action with intense gunfights and hand-to-hand brawls that are so brutal they look like fighting game characters with infinite life bars. This movie solidly tops that grand scale of colossal destruction not just in the form of building collapsing but the characters themselves take such beatings it's nearly unbearable. This action does lend itself to a good amount of team-ups that I won't spoil, but just know that these characters can throw down and when they do, it's a sight to behold.The only real flaws I find are ones that the uninitiated would encounter. Imagine watching a season finale of a TV show after not seeing any previous episode. It sounds silly, but I really do feel that a number of critics have gone into it that way. Yes, it can feel crowded, yes you need to see at minimum 3 other films just to get this one, but at this point, the MCU is in too deep and anything that wasn't on this scale wouldn't feel satisfactory.… Expand
I honestly expected a lot, but assumed I was going to be disappointed. Somehow, they managed to do the impossible. Take ten years worth of characters and story and turn it into an epic movie. The best movie I have seen in theaters in years,I honestly expected a lot, but assumed I was going to be disappointed. Somehow, they managed to do the impossible. Take ten years worth of characters and story and turn it into an epic movie. The best movie I have seen in theaters in years, and possibly the best PG-13 movie I have ever seen. Underrated by critics, easily a 10/10 and worth multiple viewings.… Expand
This is simple. Avengers: Infinity War is one of the best superhero movies of all times. And it's a great movie in general. It's a very difficult film to narrate because there are too many characters, but the Russo Brothers do an excellent job.
Marvel definitely has now solved their villain problem, i expected to be disappointed, but this movie delivers on most fronts. Marvel has managed to surround this movie with secrecy and there are multiple reasons why this was a great idea.
As always the movie brings all kind of emotions on the surface. I like that they added some comedy scenes to spice it up (and they succeeded) and although you're constantly in a tense position on your seat, waiting for something to goAs always the movie brings all kind of emotions on the surface. I like that they added some comedy scenes to spice it up (and they succeeded) and although you're constantly in a tense position on your seat, waiting for something to go desperately wrong, there are twists and turns that carefully draw the score this movie deserves. And the post-credit scene is an absolute braincrasher, so watch it whole (as you perhaps already know by now if you are a Marvel fan).… Expand
Sem comentários, muito bom mesmo. A forma com que Thanos age é de arrepiar em todo o desenvonver do filme.
Just watched this movie today. I didn't watch any trailers before the movie, so i had no expectations (even though the internet managed to spoil some bits for me). It might be my inner fanboy speaking, but it really delivered. MARVELous!
it really doesn't need too much to say, the movie is beautifully entertaining, one of the very few movies in history that will not let you close your eyes or yawn from boredom, thanks Marvel, 10/10 work
A pretty good movie with some good acting, funny moments and interesting plot twists. However the movie is a bit overstuffed and has a couple of boring subplots.
This movie of the avengers was so good that I can't wait for the last (conclusion) of this movie… Expand
It was a compelling story, and a good interactive action movie. It felt as a Game of Thrones speed marathon, and Thanos actually was incredible in this movie. IF the movie makes you feel a lot of emotion at once, then it did its job.
Avengers: Infinity War tiene todo lo que se puede querer en una pelicula de superheroes y mas, tiene acción, comedia, suspenso, efectos extraordinarios, un villano trascendental, bajas para los buenos, variedad de todo tipo, muchos personajes y todos tienen su momento, etc.Esta película le calla la boca a quienes critican el subgénero de superheroes como malo, ya que esta película lo tiene todo para marcar la historia.Oficialmente, esta película es la mejor de superheroes (superando a la increíble The Dark Knight (2008)) y la mejor de todo el UCM, ademas, una de las mejores de todos los tiempos.La mejor parte: El FinalLa peor parte: La muerte de Ebony Maw, daba para más en la películaTOP 15 MEJORES PERSONAJES:15. Bruce Banner (Mark Ruffalo)14. Black Panther (Chadwick Boseman)13. Black Widow (Scarlett Johannsson)12. Rocket Raccoon (Bradley Cooper)11. Steve Rogers (Chris Evans)10. Scarlett Witch (Elizabeth Olsen)9. Vision (Paul Bettany)8. Gamora (Zoe Saldana)7. Ebony Maw (Tom Vaughan-Taylor)6. Star-Lord (Chris Pratt)5. Spider-Man (Tom Holland)4. Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.)3. Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch)2. Thor (Chris Hemsworth)1. Thanos (Josh Brolin)EL PEOR PERSONAJE:Shuri (Letitia Wright)… Expand
AMAZING!!! As a MCU fan since the last ten years, I have to admit that this movie was the BEST among all of them.  Once I saw Infinity War, I started thinking about how this movie could introduce the fourth Avenger movie and the missing characters ( Hawkeye, Ant Man, The Wasp or even Captain Marvel (which stand-alone movie, I am definitely going to see) Also, there were lots of memorable phrases such as “Earth is closed” uttered by Iron Man, once Ebony Maw and Cull Obsidian invade New York or even the classic “language” response, here said by Drax.As characters go, Thanos is the most dangerous and powerfull villain In the MCU (he throws Gamora to the bottom of an abyssm to get the SOUL stone). Sorry Loki fans. Concerning the Guardians of the Galaxy, Star-Lord and Gamora have a lead role in this movie. As the members of the Avengers, Iron Man is ALWAYS GREAT. What I would have improved: more time to explore the Black Orders past and their origin, also why they are called lime that.So in general: Characters: 5/5Plot: 6/5Villain: 5/5Especial effects: 4.5/5Original Score: 5/5… Expand
For a kid like me when I went to theatre to see first Iron Man in 2008, and now for me it is one of it's kind and one of the best movies I have ever watched. Comic book accurate 9/10, action 10/10, CGI 8,5/10, cast 11/10. Thanks Marvel
I liked all the Marvel movies so far but this one is way too overcrowded with so many heroes and not enough characters development. The plot is good but it's a mess. Doctor strange was a great addition to avengers movie but not with star lordI liked all the Marvel movies so far but this one is way too overcrowded with so many heroes and not enough characters development. The plot is good but it's a mess. Doctor strange was a great addition to avengers movie but not with star lord and his crews. I hate the cliffhanger at the end but all forgiven with the special appearance of Fury at the end.… Expand
ah, the MCU is back with more mediocre movies after they ruined Norse mythology characters in Thor "ragnarok" we are with another movie with cringy dialogue, no story and just random stuff happening and not to spoil but this movie is prettyah, the MCU is back with more mediocre movies after they ruined Norse mythology characters in Thor "ragnarok" we are with another movie with cringy dialogue, no story and just random stuff happening and not to spoil but this movie is pretty much just an ad fro avengers 4 which i will not make the mistake of watching in theaters. i feel like the only good superhero movies we have gotten are LOGAN and The Dark Knight trilogy.… Expand
Complete waste of time. Do not spend over two hours of your life watching this. Cheeseball dialogue, constant and emotive music throughout (oh god it's bad), overacting (very strong cringe factor), way too long, solid 2/10, you've been warned.
Marvel is adept at writing well written plotlines that feel human and I'll be expecting the Avengers to live up to their name the next movie.
I took my teenage son to watch this expecting to be bored out of my mind but this one turned out to be possibly the best marvel movie of them all! Wasn't expecting that at all. Thanos was brilliant. All the other characters were great and theI took my teenage son to watch this expecting to be bored out of my mind but this one turned out to be possibly the best marvel movie of them all! Wasn't expecting that at all. Thanos was brilliant. All the other characters were great and the story kept me focused. Even loved the rabbit!… Expand
Wow wow wow. Yes. I didn't think they would meet my expectations but they did. I just came from seeing it in theaters an hour ago but I'm definitely gonna re-watch this entire week. Marvel has knocked it out of the park with not only aWow wow wow. Yes. I didn't think they would meet my expectations but they did. I just came from seeing it in theaters an hour ago but I'm definitely gonna re-watch this entire week. Marvel has knocked it out of the park with not only a legendary film that honestly lives up to its legend but also as the best Avengers film yet. #FeigeWinsAgain… Expand
Marvel has again created something not only joyful but also heartbreaking and comedic. It focuses on each set of characters for not too long or too short and it shows connections that are being made between each and every character. Not onlyMarvel has again created something not only joyful but also heartbreaking and comedic. It focuses on each set of characters for not too long or too short and it shows connections that are being made between each and every character. Not only the superheroes themselves but also the main villain of the story too, Thanos. They do a great job in showing entertaining action sequences that will make your draw drop but also get into the stories of a few of the characters and the relationships that are made between them. Even though this movie isn't one of the best, it's still a great movie and I recommend any person go and watch it. But not on the opening week of course. Just wait until the week after opening week or the next because a crapload of people wanted to see it. In the end, it is a great movie that is not only comedic and action-packed but also sentimental and emotional.… Expand
What a mess. Far too many "stars", disjointed editing, confused plot, absurd battles, stupid "banter". Truly awful in so many ways.
"10 Years ago MCU would start a glorious franchise, including a bunch of movies considered some of the best superhero movies to date, and with INFINITY WAR I can say not only that it had exceeded all my expectations but brought me back so"10 Years ago MCU would start a glorious franchise, including a bunch of movies considered some of the best superhero movies to date, and with INFINITY WAR I can say not only that it had exceeded all my expectations but brought me back so many memories from my childhood (even emotions that no movie had made me feel like years ago...)"It might be controversial if I define INFINITY WAR as THE BEST SUPERHERO MOVIE I HAVE SEEN IN MY LIFE, which it was, and I'm not ashamed of saying it because the movie deserved (it until the point of giving the movie my highest score). It even brought me some tears for the first time in an action movie. It was said that it would be IMPOSSIBLE to make a great movie with so many characters and situations but once more Marvel has shown us that it was possible.Not only the visual effects, the action sequences and the plot made this movie an outstanding one, but the well developed cast (its chemistry was truly special because Marvel went much further than a simple backstory, it went through some stronger emotions between characters that we've seen before, making it joyful and touching), the suspense created (I've never trembled in my entire life at the cinema, every sequence was fully-detailed and precised) and the comedy (despite being an importante movie for Marvel's franchise and also THE DARKEST ONE it has shown the common sense of humour present in almost movie of Marvel making it feel natural). It was overall a masterpiece, even these words CAN'T DESCRIBE HOW BEAUTIFUL AND MEANINFUL THE MOVIE WAS for me.A rating can't describe our feelings during the movie, but definitely reccomends the audience to come and watch it in order to feel what you have. In this case, I want you to come and see all this fully-packed movie with fascinating and touching sequences, unbelievable cast and a remarkable time of childhood memories that will never fall (100%)… Expand
one of the msot emotional movies I ever witnessed, the character of thanos is wide layered, shows love, hatred, egoism and thereby is the best villain in the entire Marvel Universe - I think that the MArvel UNiverse will be in Cinema Historyone of the msot emotional movies I ever witnessed, the character of thanos is wide layered, shows love, hatred, egoism and thereby is the best villain in the entire Marvel Universe - I think that the MArvel UNiverse will be in Cinema History showed as masterpiece of script and writing and is a masterpiece… Expand
What a mess. I realize that a LOT of people loved this movie. Sorry, but I don't appreciate any movie that ends the way this one did and makes me wait another year or more to get to a conclusion. All the way home, I was having Star Wars -What a mess. I realize that a LOT of people loved this movie. Sorry, but I don't appreciate any movie that ends the way this one did and makes me wait another year or more to get to a conclusion. All the way home, I was having Star Wars - Empire Strikes Back flashbacks. STILL one of my least favorite movies because of the lack of resolution and "cliffhangers". You KNOW that the "ending" is not really the "ending". I felt like I wasted my time.… Expand
Suffers the same problems like the third Hobbit movie. A battle allover the movie with no relevant character development. CGI is really bad at certain moments. And like always the typical Marvel Formula. Story is weak too: Thanos isSuffers the same problems like the third Hobbit movie. A battle allover the movie with no relevant character development. CGI is really bad at certain moments. And like always the typical Marvel Formula. Story is weak too: Thanos is collecting stone and destroying stuff.And in my opinion the Guardians of the Galaxy dont really fit into this movie.… Expand
This film delivers on everything it promised, the humor is as good as ever, the action scenes are as good if not better than in previous Marvel films and the storytelling is everything it needs to be. The film manages to mix emotion andThis film delivers on everything it promised, the humor is as good as ever, the action scenes are as good if not better than in previous Marvel films and the storytelling is everything it needs to be. The film manages to mix emotion and action perfectly and leaves the story open perfectly to be rounded up in next year's sequel.… Expand
Russo brothers directed masterpiece.Thanos is revelation in this movie.Ending is shocking and stunning.
A bloated yet filling superhero romp whose best part is ironically its villain. A decent, enjoyable CGI effects fest.
When after final battle and titles you want more! And can't wait another year for new chapter.
I am not a huge Marvel fan. With the exception of the first Iron Man and Winter Soldier, I think their movies are at best well made, formulaic flicks with little substance and not much style either. So I can say that I was pleasantly surprised with how much I enjoyed this movie. It's definetly better than Age of Ultron and even better than the first one.Now, if you expect story and character development you will find very little here. These movies are more like All Star Games where you pretty much know who the players are and only come to watch them doing their thing. But rest assured that the movie delivers in this aspect and whoever is your favorite character, he or she will be doing something badass. The little there is in terms of story and character is centered around the antagonist, Thanos, an alien warlord driven by his autistic desire to bring balance to the Universe by killing half of it. Normally, this idiotic motivation would make the character an absolute bore but his determination with which he pursues this goal, as well as the fact that he comes off as an actual threat, makes him the best Marvel villain to date(not that the bar was set very high). By the end of the movie I was actually rooting for him, but that was mostly to watch all the characters introduced after the first Avengers die.Now, for the humour, this is a Marvel movie so expect a lot of quips and winks, some of which land, other that won't. But, like with Black Panther, the good thing about them is that they are not put in dark or serious moments. Glad to see that after 10 years, the producers of these films finally understand tone. Unfortunatelly, the action scenes are as devoid of tension as ever. Whenever a hero is in danger don't worry because another hero will save him. Also, the final battle is not only simillar with what we saw 2 months ago in Black Panther, with futuristic literal spear chuckers, but also kinda ripps off the battle at the end of the Phantom Menace, with people making energy shields formations inside a larger energy shield.Still, I did not expected the ending and even though it will probably be all fixed by the end of the second movie, I will admit the producers still had a lot of balls to pull it off. I would actually prefered if everything will end here, but there are still money to be made, so if you are a teary-eyed fanboy after the ending, fear not, there is definitely going to be a sequel. Until then, you can laugh at the next DC dumpster fire.… Expand
With all of the characters to juggle, the plot lines to weave and an incredibly effective and compelling baddie to pull off, it's a miracle that this is as completely wonderful as it ended up being. My hat goes off to Marvel Studios, who haveWith all of the characters to juggle, the plot lines to weave and an incredibly effective and compelling baddie to pull off, it's a miracle that this is as completely wonderful as it ended up being. My hat goes off to Marvel Studios, who have taken a long road to getting to this point and have done it with ups and downs, but still managed to pull this thing out of the bag. This is the Empire Strikes Back of the MCU, no bones about it.… Expand
I liked the previous ones, but this one was pretty bad. At no point in time was I emotionally invested in anything that went on, and I found myself multitasking and looking at my phone.
Everything you want from a blockbuster summer film with a huge ensemble cast. Plenty of action, great fight scenes, drama and laughs.
Personally, that's the best Avengers movie so far. I was reluctant to watch at first, because Avengers usually bore me. But boy one was different, loved all characters, almost 0 dull or boring moments, and super fun from beginning till end. IPersonally, that's the best Avengers movie so far. I was reluctant to watch at first, because Avengers usually bore me. But boy one was different, loved all characters, almost 0 dull or boring moments, and super fun from beginning till end. I really can't find words to describe my satisfaction. Watch it and judge for yourself.… Expand
Ah, yes, Avengers: Infinity War. The Marvel film that’s been craved by fans since the first time the Avengers assembled back in 2012. But is it any good? Yes. In fact, it’s great. A satisfying and fun adventure bringing together over 70Ah, yes, Avengers: Infinity War. The Marvel film that’s been craved by fans since the first time the Avengers assembled back in 2012. But is it any good? Yes. In fact, it’s great. A satisfying and fun adventure bringing together over 70 different heroes from the last 18 years, The Russo Brothers’ first of two brain-children has everything you might expect - popcorn-friendly action, witty dialogue, and an epic, character-driven story. But, what Infinity War includes throughout its story that many modern blockbusters lack - emotion - is what’s truly amazing. For the first time in years, the characters and their decisions have emotional weight to them. Their relationships with one another, including their interactions, have more meaning this time around, which is incredibly refreshing. This is in part because of Thanos, who is now easily the best villain in the MCU. The writing for his character is clever and powerful, and still manages to include the one liners and actions that only the baddest of baddies can pull off. The depth in which his backstory is explored is surprising, and definitely elevated the experience. With all of this said, though, it’s not a perfect film. The editing between the many locations is slightly out of control and messy, especially within the first half-hour. Some of the characters’ actions and decisions feel contrived, mostly for an emotional twist or moment. Also, the clashing of tones between the different locations and groups of Avengers feel odd and, again, messy. But these issues don’t ruin the film at all, and, honestly, are forgettable once the third act begins. The expansive set-pieces that make up the finale are immensely satisfying to watch, and the ending, though a bit bizarre, brilliantly sets up for the sequel. The performances throughout are terrific, and not one actor can be pinpointed as the best. All of the actors are firing on all cylinders, and the emotional moments work solely because of them. All in all, Infinity War is the most surprising and satisfying film so far this year, and arguably, as of now, the best story told in the MCU. If only 2019 could come sooner...… Expand
Let me start off by saying i really enjoyed this movie.  The comedy was some of the best they have, the action scenes are tremendous, and the CGI especially with Thanos is some of the best I have ever seen in a movie.  But, what really took my rating down from a 9/10 to a 8/10 was the ending.  No i'm not upset over these lovable characters "dying" but how it was gone about.  There was one moment when Tony Stark was stabbed by Thanos which made me (along with every single person in the theater) gasp and have their hands over their mouth.  It was a huge shock and had me absolutely gripped but, that feeling and those emotions were immedietely washed away right after when Tony simply just healed himself. Its these little fake out moments that kind of took me out of the moment and stripped me of that emotion. Certain characters that were "killed" already have sequels in the works *cough* Guardians *cough* so it made the ending have a lot less weight to it and kind of had me shaking my head in confusion.  However this is actually good in the long run because they saved the OG crew for the sequel so we could have more time with them alone.  Great movie but, could've pushed the envelope of emotions a little further. A must see for Marvel fans… Expand
Everyone is talking about the scale of the movie and how difficult it was to engage all the characters in a single plot. That is all true and is executed brilliantly. this is the best Avenger movie with lots of entertainment and surprising twists.
The most risky, but fortunate bet of Marvel Studio since 2008 is the highest arch of MCU chronology. The real action since the early minutes without giving the viewver rest. Every character is justificated, in his right place; and a terrible,The most risky, but fortunate bet of Marvel Studio since 2008 is the highest arch of MCU chronology. The real action since the early minutes without giving the viewver rest. Every character is justificated, in his right place; and a terrible, credible malthusian villian. ¿How much shall to wait for next chapter?… Expand
This is a thrilling movie that manages to play with the emotions of every MCU fan out there. It works well in the Cinematic Universe in the sense, but unfortunately as a solo movie it lacks in character, Thanos was the only presence thatThis is a thrilling movie that manages to play with the emotions of every MCU fan out there. It works well in the Cinematic Universe in the sense, but unfortunately as a solo movie it lacks in character, Thanos was the only presence that actually got something as a character, the rest were there too simply fight against him. Mark Rufallo has a great performance along with Robert Downey Junior and Josh Brolin.I have to give the Russo brothers a lot of props with this movie, it would be easy to lose sense of it and not give characters the amount of screen time that they need, but they did it well, even with all of those characters in the movie.… Expand
This is my new favorite Marvel movie. The reason I think it works so well is because of the risks, story, and acting. The special effects made everything look very real too. The movie takes many risks, but I won’t say any because I think youThis is my new favorite Marvel movie. The reason I think it works so well is because of the risks, story, and acting. The special effects made everything look very real too. The movie takes many risks, but I won’t say any because I think you would want to watch the movie first. The actors were amazing. Each character fits their part. It makes it so it’s hard to imagine anyone else playing them, they are that good. The story is what makes the movie the best Marvel movie yet. They added a great villain, Thanos is a real threat to everyone. In the previous Avengers I think the villains weren’t as theatening (Loki and Ultron). The movie is set in many different areas of our world and beyond, which I think is exciting because we get to see new and returning places like never before. The beginning of the movie is action packed and exciting enough to keep my attention. The middle is even better. They fit the characters in with each other and it doesn’t take away from the movie. The middle has a lot of great storytelling and action. The ending was the best part though. They wrapped up the movie and I still wanted more. They had epic fights, while the story kept on going and didn’t slow down. The movie was two and a half hours and I still wanted to see more. That says a lot about how much I liked it. I completely recommend this movie to everyone!… Expand
The result of 10 years of blockbuster super hero movies, sees Thanos finally wield the Infinity Gauntlet and get to work on balancing the universe. A truly epic movie that paves the way for an incredible phase 4 of the MCU. This is a movieThe result of 10 years of blockbuster super hero movies, sees Thanos finally wield the Infinity Gauntlet and get to work on balancing the universe. A truly epic movie that paves the way for an incredible phase 4 of the MCU. This is a movie that will hold Marvel over DC for the foreseeable future and its certainly one i will be watching again.… Expand
A decent Marvel film in a series of many films that play it safe and follow the same formula. This is a step up from a lot of the previous entries, but is definitely not the best hero flick, or the best MCU film.
I feel the introduced a movie that was all climax, and therefore the tension never dies down throughout the film. The ending feels pointless after the introduction of the time stones power. Most of the comedy and action is spot on. This movieI feel the introduced a movie that was all climax, and therefore the tension never dies down throughout the film. The ending feels pointless after the introduction of the time stones power. Most of the comedy and action is spot on. This movie overall, isn't perfect but it definitely isn't terrible.… Expand
Very entertaining movie, they managed to include all of the superheroes and make it work. It includes good comedy moments and also serious and unexpected moments.
I expected to be disappointed, but this movie shocked me in every single way. Music amazing, FX amazing, the interpretation of the actors was good but in some moments of sadness suddenly there was a joke.In general, was a spectacular.
Great movie - Lots of fun! It would have been better if they were upfront about the fact that this is a 2-part movie (It doesn’t matter what the Marvel marketing team officially call the next one, it’s really “Infinity War: Part 2”).Great movie - Lots of fun! It would have been better if they were upfront about the fact that this is a 2-part movie (It doesn’t matter what the Marvel marketing team officially call the next one, it’s really “Infinity War: Part 2”). Cliffhanger ending that won’t be resolved for a year, but otherwise phenomenal!!!… Expand
The best marvel movie. Russell brothers did really great job, its a hard work to make so many different character in one movie.Salute!
Unlike any other film in history, "Avengers: Infinity War" (Or Avengers 3 if you exclude the other Marvel films), is unique in that it is not trying to tell us the kind of story we're by nature expected and conditioned for. Over the pastUnlike any other film in history, "Avengers: Infinity War" (Or Avengers 3 if you exclude the other Marvel films), is unique in that it is not trying to tell us the kind of story we're by nature expected and conditioned for. Over the past hundred decades of film, let alone other dramatic works, American film-goers are used to going into a film and seeing a first, second and third act. We need time to establish characters. Without clear defined characters that the audience will come to care for as the film progesses, the audience loses interest in them no matter how high the "stakes are raised". This simple, tried and true film structure is not necessary in 2018 when it comes to the Marvel Cinematic Universe. In a decade Marvel Studios has managed to build a universe populated with dozens upon dozens of characters, spread across nearly 20 films and know and beloved individually by a seemingly unending growing of fans.Instead we are treated to a film told with a new story structure. Now this alone is nothing new. The French New Wave's lackadaisical, emotional, free-form films to the horror and turn on a dime, maze like structures, have presented us Americans with plenty of wonderful other less conventional approahces as have of course American film-makers (think the Star Wars trilogy applying this structure across 3 films to Harry Potter's 7 film run); this film has no need to establish any of its characters save one: its villain.And what a villain is Thanos? Probably the first to arguably steal the show on the level of Jack Nicholson's Joker (though Marvel's Disney's sheen robs the character and films tone of the darker touches necessary to top Heath Ledger's take, while the damage these two iconic comic villains do is incomparable, Nolan's Batman trilogy is a good reminder of how stakes can be as large or small as one wants, so long as time is spent establishing them. So here we find our films two thru lines. The story of Thanos, the Mad Titan, an unstoppable being seeking the ultimate MacGuffin. One in which he will be given powers over... well, everything. [NOTE]: This is show in terrifying detail and small kiddos should not see this film. If your child is under 10 and sensitive and in love with these characters, make sure they're prepared to handle death. Now before I be charged with spoiling anything, I do not mean to say that anyone dies in this film. However, the threat of death looms over every scene our various heroes are in. Over 40 some characters, all well known to fans who have seen all films; or simply beautiful to behold to new viewers. If you have seen the prior 2 Avengers movies you will be able to follow this film. A follow up will arrive in roughly one year and deal with the aftermath the wrecking ball that is Thanos has left in his wake and whether or not this story is over and our chance to see how Marvel handles stakes going forward.So how does this tale of two stories intertwined hold up on the screen? Quite well. The familiarity with the characters reminded me of my first time watching "The Two Towers" and instantly knowing who was who in more complex world than most we're presented with in the traditional 2 hours a film has to tell is story. What is surprising about Avengers: Infinity War is that it could also be called "Thanos". The heroes appear around him--they certainly must deal with him--but this character steals the show and I loved every second of this very long film. James Brolin deserves all credit for carrying this film which would otherwise have been nothing but a series of B-plots reducing our heroes tale to mere fan-service scenes (a problem the rushed Avengers 2 suffered from), although the core cast remain tremendous even when they're mostly given little to do but stand in awe, fight and hurt. The introduction of the Guardians of the Galaxy appears out of nowhere--literally--though they prove a welcome (if frustrating) addition. On the one hand their presence is necessary to cross our heroes tale with Thanos in a manner beyond mere CGI armies clashing as they perennially do. Instead, their members give us an emotional component to both our heroes and Thanos in enough of a way to justify their appearance. That said, event movie goers unfamiliar with the Marvel films will struggle most following their thru-lines and relationships.-Disco Tex.… Expand
The movie doesn't only keep you in with constant action, but with the unexpected twists and emotional grab. The ending is brilliant as well, breaking the formula of every Marvel film to date
Avengers:Infinity War is the culmination of several years of Marvel assembling earth's mightiest heroes. As such, the movie is founded on the MCU and moviegoers having not watched the preceding titles may struggle to keep pace with the plot and lack the levels of character attachment necessary to fully appreciate the experience. There are essentially 4 arcs that take place concurrently and begin to intertwine as the movie progresses. These subplots capture an amicable balance of wit and drama with exhilarating action scenes, the first of which I found particularly impressive. There are, however, two main criticisms that I have of the movie, each related to the plot (Disclaimer: I have not read the comics and am not familiar with the arc): firstly, there is a very inconsistent use of logic in both the heroes' decision-making and use of their powers. Secondly, the focus on Thanos to build a sense of what a powerful adversary he is was somewhat overdone (This could have easily been a Thanos-titled movie) and his brutal/merciful nature is more inconsistent rather than giving a sense of his inner turmoil. Each of these left me perplexed and frustrated after viewing the entire movie. An additional, personal criticism that I have is the MCU's new quest to make Tom Holland's Spider-man an over-zealous and non-intellectual Stark fanboy - I reduced my score for this movie by a point because I can't condone this. The movie's best feature, in my opinion, is its visuals. Having watched it in IMAX 3D, I can vouch for the fact that it is, indeed, a visual spectacle to behold. The acting is also of the highest order and engrosses the viewer, allowing some to overlook the faults I've mentioned (particularly while viewing) - and definitely making it a worthwhile to watch while it is screening in theater.… Expand
Infinity War is an incredible culmination of the past ten years of Marvel films. It's an event film of the grandest scale, brought to life by these characters we've gotten to know. Of course, it's recommended you do watch the prior films forInfinity War is an incredible culmination of the past ten years of Marvel films. It's an event film of the grandest scale, brought to life by these characters we've gotten to know. Of course, it's recommended you do watch the prior films for the best understanding of the plot. But enough on the past. The film is a visual spectacle with heartracing action, genuine emotion, and occasional moments of hilarious levity. The chemistry of previously unpaired heroes is astounding, with Robert Downey Jr. and Benedict Cumberbatch melding together seemlessly. Chris Hemsworth truly owns the film, continuing his recent hot streak from Thor Ragnarok. I will admit that the focus on Chris Evans and his group was a bit thin and too far between, but hopefully they'll receive ample screentime in Avengers 4, mostly to give the actor a proper sendoff from Captain America. But Josh Brolin's Thanos STEALS THE SHOW. A cruel, menacing monster of epic proportions, his complexity and thought process for his decisions is fascinating, as his reasoning for his plan can be slightly justified, while still being wholly wrong. Though I can say I loved the film, it should be acknowledged that it's still very much a part 1 film and opinions will likely change when Avengers 4 comes out. But until then, I can say this was a massive success once again for Marvel.… Expand
This is probably the best movie that has come out in the last decade, maybe even the last two decades. It's definitely the best MCU film, probably the best Marvel movie across all different studios, and good enough to be compared to EmpireThis is probably the best movie that has come out in the last decade, maybe even the last two decades. It's definitely the best MCU film, probably the best Marvel movie across all different studios, and good enough to be compared to Empire Strikes Back and the Lord of the Rings Trilogy. The plot is incredible, fast-paced, and has the perfect blend of tragedy, humor, and action. The acting is on-point throughout the entire movie, and the movie successfully manages to run three different plot lines, a very challenging thing to do (we all know what happened in the Last Jedi). The ending is surprising and very well done: it was a very bold move. I've recommended this movie to non-Marvel fans as well. Its that good.… Expand
Please keep in mind that this is the first of these movies I have seen and I have not heard of the avengers before I saw this movie. I feel like I am out of the loop with this movie but they did not really describe much backstory of any ofPlease keep in mind that this is the first of these movies I have seen and I have not heard of the avengers before I saw this movie. I feel like I am out of the loop with this movie but they did not really describe much backstory of any of these characters and its really hard to care about them without it. I am assuming the earlier movies in the series that explain a lot of that but for people who have never heard of it before or never saw the other ones it was hard to keep up and at times it was just a flat out boring movie of endless cgi fight scenes. Probably wouldn't watch the other ones if this is what they are like.… Expand
I cannot see why this movie has a good rating. I cringed the entire movie from start to finish. The story is weak, the CGI very unimpressive and obvious in places. I felt ashamed of myself for watching this and gave up half way through.I cannot see why this movie has a good rating. I cringed the entire movie from start to finish. The story is weak, the CGI very unimpressive and obvious in places. I felt ashamed of myself for watching this and gave up half way through. Recommend you swerve this entire genre which is what I will be doing from now on… Expand
Russo Brothers did once more but this time a little different way but for me thanos past needs some more time on screen still dont know is this a plan for the future avenger 4.
Boring, never ending, pointless. I don't really see the appeal of the recent Marvel movies.
2hours and 30 minutes of nothing that really matter. We saw a lot of characters dying... But we already know that they will come back to life soon (some already has solo movies being produced and filming). Every death in this movie can be2hours and 30 minutes of nothing that really matter. We saw a lot of characters dying... But we already know that they will come back to life soon (some already has solo movies being produced and filming). Every death in this movie can be unmade. We have the first good villain of MCU, but the character doesn't have nothing of the Thanos from the HQs: neither the motivation nor the "persona". Its like Thanos have hangout with the depressive Superman.Its nothing "bigger" as the trailer shows. The movie starts in the final 10 minutes... and say nothing at all. Its just a trailer for Avengers 4.… Expand
Horrible. Diálogos malísimos, un villano pésimo, demasiado metraje plagado de momentos forzados y aburridos. De lo peor de Marvel, sobrevalorada por el hecho de ser "la culminación de 10 años". Basura.
Packed house at Infinity Wars.  The audience loudly & literally booed this movie when it ended.  What’s up with all the 10 star reviews?  Are they fakes?  Is the studio planting them.  It makes no sense!
The entire audience walked away dejected. If you are going to make a multi movie story line you better let people know first. Marvel is about the good guy winning, in the end. They totally **** everyone who goes to enjoy an escape from theThe entire audience walked away dejected. If you are going to make a multi movie story line you better let people know first. Marvel is about the good guy winning, in the end. They totally **** everyone who goes to enjoy an escape from the **** outcomes of normal life.… Expand
The Avengers: Infinity War is like watching your favorite team fail ending after ending and eventually losing the game 0 - 5. The only redeeming points of the movie is the edge of your seat action and the moral discussion that the movieThe Avengers: Infinity War is like watching your favorite team fail ending after ending and eventually losing the game 0 - 5. The only redeeming points of the movie is the edge of your seat action and the moral discussion that the movie poses. As the final credits began to roll I was left with the question; What is the value of life and who gets to decide who lives or dies. History is full of people who assumed they were qualified to make that decision. Now there’s an alien that thinks the way to save the galaxies is to eliminate half of it's population.… Expand
Finally, at long last, after all this build-up and effort, we've reached this moment. "Avengers: Infinity War" is here and it's... pretty darn good! Yes, admittedly this wasn't the end-all and be-all I was anticipating, and co-directors JoeFinally, at long last, after all this build-up and effort, we've reached this moment. "Avengers: Infinity War" is here and it's... pretty darn good! Yes, admittedly this wasn't the end-all and be-all I was anticipating, and co-directors Joe and Anthony Russo have made far better, more sophisticated, and entertaining Marvel films than this. But, again, I greatly enjoyed this. The action is good fun, the effects are top notch, and Josh Brolin proves once again that he's an absolute master of his craft. But I also just couldn't help but feel as though this was a bit too obvious of an extended trailer for another movie to come, rather than its own contained story. There's so much telegraphed by this film's story that left me feeling cold, not necessarily because of the events that occur, but more so because of the idea that the powers-that-be actually felt that the audience would take what happens in this movie as gospel, when in reality it ends up feeling like a bit of a cinematic bluff. It feels a bit too much like the first half or two-thirds of a movie, rather than its own thing. And having a "part one" and "part two" film combo isn't necessarily unheard of, but why couldn't the alternative have happened? Why couldn't we get one complete, epic, three-and-a-half hour plus narrative in one cinematic sitting? You can't make the argument that no one would see it, due to the fact that we've had 10 years and 20 Marvel movies pointing to the contrary. People would've seen it, no matter what, so why not do it? Two movies would make more money? Probably, but I digress, I suppose. Again, I know it might sound as though I'm tearing the movie apart, but I did enjoy it quite a bit overall, despite the fact that it ended up feeling a little too much like -- an albeit much better version of -- a "Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows Part 1," or a "The Hobbit: The Desolation Of Smaug," or a "Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1."… Expand
Eu realmente não sei o porquê das críticas profissionais não serem mais altas. Este é, sem dúvida alguma, o melhor filme da Marvel até agora. Muito melhor, por exemplo, que Pantera Negra. O filme te prende do começo ao fim e não há cenasEu realmente não sei o porquê das críticas profissionais não serem mais altas. Este é, sem dúvida alguma, o melhor filme da Marvel até agora. Muito melhor, por exemplo, que Pantera Negra. O filme te prende do começo ao fim e não há cenas desnecessárias. Todos os elementos foram pertinentemente colocados e amarrados. Nos filmes anteriores dos Vingadores sempre senti tédio em diversas cenas, mas neste não. É um filme perfeito de super-heróis.… Expand
Deslumbrante, apenas si estoy poniendome al corriente con esta franquicia y aun así pude entender esta cinta sin mayor problemas, la premisa es simple pero tiene grandes momentos y un final que nadie se esperaba, la reacción de los espectadores de la sala de cine donde estuve presente fue unánime incluyéndome, esperaré con ansias la siguiente secuela.… Expand
man la misma mierda un 1 na broma hrmano es muy buena sorprendente y emotiva la trama se trata bn y las batallas finales son sorprendentes y el final es wow eso no me lo esperaba
Would someone tell the "Marthas" over at DC this is how you make a superhero movie and this is how you respect both the source material and the characters!  I have nothing more to say other than this was what I had hoped for and they delivered!
Avengers: Infinity War is a great superhero movie and a tremendous achievement in the history of filmmaking. It meets and exceeds the fans' very high expectations. It's a movie that:-its cast features some 30-40 (!!!) main and secondaryAvengers: Infinity War is a great superhero movie and a tremendous achievement in the history of filmmaking. It meets and exceeds the fans' very high expectations. It's a movie that:-its cast features some 30-40 (!!!) main and secondary characters, yet everyone gets their fair share of screen-time.-its plot consists of 4-5 parallel sub-stories yet it somehow doesn't confuse the viewer (or at least, not as much as someone would expect to happen with so many story threads).-direction (courtesy of the Russo bros) is one of the best ever in an MCU movie.-the villain is a vicious mass murderer who, in a humanly manner, cries so wonderfully you won't believe it.I could go on and on, pointing out many aspects of this wonderful movie, but I'd end up spoiling it.My only gripe is that Infinity War's story is a big cliffhunger and it doesn't resolve much by the time the end credits roll. It just sets the stage for the Avengers sequel due for release in 2019. But even on its own, Infinity War has plenty of style and substance for the audience.… Expand
AIW - это не Аватар от вселенной Марвел, хоть и является кульминацией третьей фазы. Эпичность присутсвует, но она компактна. Всё происходящее вертится вокруг одного персонажа, и вкупе с настроением картины я могу сказать, что у Джокера изAIW - это не Аватар от вселенной Марвел, хоть и является кульминацией третьей фазы. Эпичность присутсвует, но она компактна. Всё происходящее вертится вокруг одного персонажа, и вкупе с настроением картины я могу сказать, что у Джокера из фильма "Тёмный рыцарь" появился достойный "собутыльник". Самое главное, что делает этот фильм? Даёт невероятный толчёк для ожидания развязки фанатам и буквально заставляет лезть в интернет людей не знакомых со вселенной, потому как самым главным фильмом станет явно не последняя лента этой фазы КВМ. К одному моменту может возникнуть вопрос: "Ну что за тупой сценарный ход?",- но это выглядит скорее как издержка производства, чем попытка сшить белыми нитками начало и конец AIW.… Expand
My only gripe with this film is that the ending left me with a ton of questions that won’t get answered untill next year when infinity war part 2 comes out. But other than that, I really enjoyed infinity war. The film did a great jobMy only gripe with this film is that the ending left me with a ton of questions that won’t get answered untill next year when infinity war part 2 comes out. But other than that, I really enjoyed infinity war. The film did a great job balancing out the many characters that were in the film, and they were all just as great as they were in previous films, the action is plentiful, and a lot of fun to boot, and the film is very suspenseful and had me on the edge of my seat the whole time. It’s definitely worth checking out. But it’s very clear that it’s part 1 of a 2 part film.… Expand
Its scale is the biggest I've ever seen and I was satisfied with it. The action sequences were simply amazing. However, everything happened so fast, and I even felt that it was too fast. Until soul stone, I predicted almost everything, butIts scale is the biggest I've ever seen and I was satisfied with it. The action sequences were simply amazing. However, everything happened so fast, and I even felt that it was too fast. Until soul stone, I predicted almost everything, but after that, everything I predicted was wrong. Thor is so cool, and Thanos is just strong and even cooler. The ending was awesome to me., because I am a big fan of the comics.… Expand
Wow! That was amazing, the wait for 10 years was worth a lot, I am ecstatic, every detail, every character, is simply inexplicable, who is a fan of real comics know what I'm talking about.… Expand
With 10 years in the making, Infinity War does the impossible by balancing all characters to give them all their special moments. The film puts all up on the table and with the mad titan on his way, the steaks are higher than they ever haveWith 10 years in the making, Infinity War does the impossible by balancing all characters to give them all their special moments. The film puts all up on the table and with the mad titan on his way, the steaks are higher than they ever have been. Joe and Anthony Russo direct the film perfectly and the ending has to be one of the best in the MCU. Thanos is terrifying and threatening to the Avengers and it is great to see them have to come together once again after the events of Civil War. With 10 years worth of films, Infinity War does not fail to impress in all aspects.… Expand
Great mixed emotions with a really true villain that has true believers and go for it. The mix of all the superheroes is a good point with balance that delivers in a movie full of action in every second from begenning to end. The RussoGreat mixed emotions with a really true villain that has true believers and go for it. The mix of all the superheroes is a good point with balance that delivers in a movie full of action in every second from begenning to end. The Russo brothers have must be proud of his work. Awesome movie and by far the best of the MCU.… Expand
Avengers Infinity War was fun, thrilling and had the best MCU villain and Ending I’ve seen. It’s slower moments and poor pacing in the first act don’t really distract from how entertaining this movie was.More characters being added on to theAvengers Infinity War was fun, thrilling and had the best MCU villain and Ending I’ve seen. It’s slower moments and poor pacing in the first act don’t really distract from how entertaining this movie was.More characters being added on to the roster is something that i’m really excited for, although i am a bit worried as to how they’d balance the new additions when they struggled a bit with the roster they had. I look forward to seeing how the next part plays out and I had a lot of fun with this film.… Expand
An awful movie, with bad-written character, a poor scenario, bad acting ... I can't bear those movie which are only made to make money, without psychology in it.For all those who think that my comment is not right, tell yourself thanAn awful movie, with bad-written character, a poor scenario, bad acting ... I can't bear those movie which are only made to make money, without psychology in it.For all those who think that my comment is not right, tell yourself than excellent movie like Blade Runner 2049 make only 200 millions bucks at box-office, as this toxic sh**t get 2 billion $ !… Expand
If you're a casual watcher of "superhero" movies you may enjoy this. If you're a fan of the MCU like I used to be before I watched Avengers: Infinity War, I suggest you skip this. I wish I could get the last three hours of my life back. IIf you're a casual watcher of "superhero" movies you may enjoy this. If you're a fan of the MCU like I used to be before I watched Avengers: Infinity War, I suggest you skip this. I wish I could get the last three hours of my life back. I won't be giving any more of my time or money to Marvel.… Expand
It's one thing to try to get infinity stones, but quite another to become infinitely stoned, which is what I was through the whole movie. I'm pretty sure everyone lives though.
An absolute mess in terms of plot, thematic development, and characters.  This kind of shows what a massive influence on modern pop culture Game of Thrones has been, but also shows that it takes filmmakers with a far more deft hand than theAn absolute mess in terms of plot, thematic development, and characters.  This kind of shows what a massive influence on modern pop culture Game of Thrones has been, but also shows that it takes filmmakers with a far more deft hand than the Russo Brothers' to pull it off.  It's still pretty enjoyable for the most part, but its an absolute tonal mess, and really doesn't have the guts to do much original.… Expand
This was hands down the best Marvel movies ever created, as well as one the best movies of all time. The cast give great performances, the action was great, the story was amazing, and the stakes were high. Just forget everything you know.
This is the worst piece of crap movie, with mindless violence, no sense at all in the whole movie and an absolute waste of 3 hrs and not mention, my precocious $10 *4 , as I had my wife and kids with me. In the end the movie said thanos willThis is the worst piece of crap movie, with mindless violence, no sense at all in the whole movie and an absolute waste of 3 hrs and not mention, my precocious $10 *4 , as I had my wife and kids with me. In the end the movie said thanos will be back, but I definitely won't, other than the special effects, there is nothing in the movie, the hype is useless , please don't waste u'r money and time going to this **** show. My younger son keeps convincing me that it makes sense and I should understand more about the super heroes, there are some boring conversations with dark backgrounds, which put me into a glorious sleep and I had to be woken up by my wife, who was also falling asleep from time to time. I have been more displeased only in one other indian movie, which I was conned into going to. The Avengers have lost me forever and I am most definitely not seeing any more of this mega ****… Expand
What a horrible movie. I loved the Avenger movies. But, if this is the future, this was my last one. There was a absolutely no reason for the ending.
Winter Soldier, Rocket Raccoon and Black Panther were not properly used and Ebony Maw was killed off way too quickly. Immediate dislike.… Expand
Very disappointing. They cram so many characters into it that it is fragmented. Moreover, the story is lame and in order to not let the avengers win, the come up with all of these crummy Deux et machinas that ignore the characters' strengths.Very disappointing. They cram so many characters into it that it is fragmented. Moreover, the story is lame and in order to not let the avengers win, the come up with all of these crummy Deux et machinas that ignore the characters' strengths. It is one long fight scene (ok, to be expected) that has become, to adapt William Makepeace Thackeray, "did not the fightiest of the fighiest, common grow and wearisome er yet ever the film was over"… Expand
Dull, predictable, uninspiring. Typical Marvel movie. However, with so much opportunities to tell the great story, create an emotional impact - the movie fails to do so. At this point it's like a Fast and Furious and Expendables franchises -Dull, predictable, uninspiring. Typical Marvel movie. However, with so much opportunities to tell the great story, create an emotional impact - the movie fails to do so. At this point it's like a Fast and Furious and Expendables franchises - more stupid and more actors mean bigger box office.… Expand
Such crap. Thanos, the all-powerful, has to kill people rather than create more resources? He's all powerful! WTF! What happens when the remaining 50% double the population? WTF. So lazy. So long. So stupid. Kill them all and end this garbage.
Only Marvel manages to surpass itself in how template each movie becomes. Avengers Infinity War is two and a half hours of special effects that lacks character motivations, any character development, and is full of gaping plot holes. InOnly Marvel manages to surpass itself in how template each movie becomes. Avengers Infinity War is two and a half hours of special effects that lacks character motivations, any character development, and is full of gaping plot holes. In general an unsatisfying experience.… Expand
If you enjoy marvel superhero movies, then you will definitely like infinity war. Entertaining and fun, nothing else. This movie is not trying to be an oscar worthy masterpiece, it simply continues the epic saga that marvel gave birth to.If you enjoy marvel superhero movies, then you will definitely like infinity war. Entertaining and fun, nothing else. This movie is not trying to be an oscar worthy masterpiece, it simply continues the epic saga that marvel gave birth to. Props to the Russo brothers for being able to pack too much in a single movie.… Expand
Infinity War isn't as good as the first Avengers but was better than Age of Ultron, by having a great story, great characters, emotional and sad scenes, ( When Loki and Heimdall were killed by Thanos. Thanos throwing Gamora to her death to get the Soul Stone and Thanos removing the mind stone from Vision which kills him.) It had extremely good action sequences, performances and an ending that will leave you hanging. score 95/100 = A (very close to A+)… Expand
Russo brother tidak diragukan lagi menjadi salah satu Director yang terbaik, terbukti dengan film Avengers Infinity war ini, kita akan disuguhkan adegan selama 2 jam 30 menit dengan berbagai perasaan yang campur aduk, meskipun ada sedikitRusso brother tidak diragukan lagi menjadi salah satu Director yang terbaik, terbukti dengan film Avengers Infinity war ini, kita akan disuguhkan adegan selama 2 jam 30 menit dengan berbagai perasaan yang campur aduk, meskipun ada sedikit komedi namun dengan porsi yang pas film ini berhasil menyuguhkan situasi "Akhir" Dari pertarungan saga avengers, koneksi antar pemain sangat bagus din presentasikan dan porsi screening waktu setiap pemain juga pas, thanos sebagai villain adalah salah satu yang terbaik di marvel universe, selamat menikmati.… Expand
I came into this movie with super high expectation and yet it still doesn’t disappoint it is intense,funny,emotional all when it needs to be , and they made the villain super fantastic , they really knocked it out of the park A+ from me
Buena película pero deja con un mal sabor de boca al no mostrar en los post-créditos parte de la elección de Thanos y cómo se podrá revertir la situación ya que no se menciona si habrá una segunda parte o si se da por sentado la muerte de muchos de los héroes. Mucha Película de la guerra del infinito para sólo 149 minutos. Al menos hubieran colocado Que los héroes volverán en próximas secuelas. O que nos den esperanzas.… Expand
This film is like raising your children perfectly, and yet, as adults, they become nasty gangsters who are arrested ten times a day. Avengers: Infinity War is a huge disappointment, a mediocre film being mistaken for a good one. In order toThis film is like raising your children perfectly, and yet, as adults, they become nasty gangsters who are arrested ten times a day. Avengers: Infinity War is a huge disappointment, a mediocre film being mistaken for a good one. In order to understand anything, you have to have followed the franchise since day one, which I unfortunately have, and enjoy CGI lots. The story is absolutely **** insane and has no logic in it whatsoever, the jokes are cringeworthy and Rocket Raccoon was the only thing that was actually funny, the action is even more cringeworthy, especially when the protagonists are battling in Wakanda and out of nowhere a deadly lawnmower comes and kills every enemy, and, sadly, the acting is terrible. Now, don't get me wrong, Josh Brolin does his best, and he wasn't terrible, it's just that Thanos isn't compelling at all and when it truly comes down to it he is just a blob of walking CGI who happens to have some sympathetic moments. This isn't because of Brolin's acting, but rather because of the direction and writing. Chris Pratt, Batista and Bradley Cooper do a good job as well, but Gamora became annoying in this film, and it didn't feel like they intended to do so. Overall, worst MCU film so far. A CGI mess with zero logic and fans over exaggerating over how "compelling" and "tragic" Thanos is.… Expand
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's more than just one bad movie. It ruins the entire MCU. I'll never be able to enjoy re-watching any previous movie in the MCU now that I've seen this movie. I hate spoilers, but I wishThis is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's more than just one bad movie. It ruins the entire MCU. I'll never be able to enjoy re-watching any previous movie in the MCU now that I've seen this movie. I hate spoilers, but I wish somebody had spoiled this movie for me, because then I would have known to avoid watching it. I get what they were trying to do. They very artfully succeeded in accomplishing exactly what they were trying to do. I PASSIONATELY HATE WHAT THEY WERE TRYING TO DO. An escapist fantasy movie in the MCU was not the place for it! This movie ruined everything!… Expand
Another dissapointment by disney. Same avengers just a dark theme. Nowhere near DC.
Whoever thought that putting spidershiet into this movie was a good idea, was an idiot. There is only a certain level of childishness i can accept, and they crossed it.
The title should have been: Infintely long and boring fighting scenes. This is all the movie is, really terrible, totally uninsteresting. I can understand if children up to 5 like it but if your brain is a little more developped you will hateThe title should have been: Infintely long and boring fighting scenes. This is all the movie is, really terrible, totally uninsteresting. I can understand if children up to 5 like it but if your brain is a little more developped you will hate this from the first minute to the last (actually the last minute is the only one you can save... but only if you wake up in time to watch it. Superheroes movies are becoming more and more unbearable, because of lack of good stories, just fighting scenes and special effects, and this one ranks among the worst. If you had the bad luck to buy an expensive ticket to watch it in cinemas you will really hate yourself for your decision and even more for having wasted two+ hours of your life...anything else, really anything, would have been a better choice.… Expand
Great movie from start to finish a must watch in IMAX or IMAX 3D watching this one in a standard theater will not do it justice. A darker tone than the other movies but the tone is broken up by properly placed comedic lines so that is not overly dark. Thanos is a bad ass and rivals Heath Ledgers joker as one of the best villains brought to the big screen. I loved every scene with Thanos. I don't agree with the reviews that say there is no character development. These characters have been developed for 10 years which is what makes this movie so great. Somehow they managed to give every character their time to shine and it didn't feel forced. Are there some plot holes yes of course are their some mistakes most definitely but as super hero films go they don't get much better than this.… Expand
I can only think the bad reviewers are DC butt hurt fans who have to live with their  justice league  movie (which in dont hate ) but after watching this you just can but imagine the shame they feel after comparing these two. Infinity war isI can only think the bad reviewers are DC butt hurt fans who have to live with their  justice league  movie (which in dont hate ) but after watching this you just can but imagine the shame they feel after comparing these two. Infinity war is not perfect but its amazing. Its an awesome reward for those who have been following the marvel saga. It has been made for those who watched all the movies because the characters have been built for these moment in their stand alone movies. If you havent watched them and expect not to be confused or overwhelmed you are wrong, this is not a stand alone movie. The level of difficulty of  putting together that many characters in a balanced ,funny, action packed movie is really high and its really well done. It is at a scale that has never been seen before. Im giving it a 10 because al the haters giving 0 ratings and the effort and love it has been put into this movie.  But there are two major plot points that keep me from giving it a perfect score in my head :  SPOILERS AHEAD.......1. The relationship between Thanos and Gamora should have been built better, it should have started in the Guardians of the Galaxy films so it was more believable and impactful. 2. The guantlet removal scene with Iron man and Spidey while  Star lord  has his chat and have his reaction is just stupid and a big downer in my opinion , felt so staged and forced.  And 3, just for my own fan service, not a complaint but fight between Thor and Thanos should have been longer, or let us see the first one on the ship.… Expand
The first Avenger movie, was okay. The second one, Age of Ultron, **** awful. Now here we are, he third one, the catharsis of EVERYTHING that the MCU has built up till this momment. And, quite honestly, they did a **** great job. I mean, it'sThe first Avenger movie, was okay. The second one, Age of Ultron, **** awful. Now here we are, he third one, the catharsis of EVERYTHING that the MCU has built up till this momment. And, quite honestly, they did a **** great job. I mean, it's the Russo brothers, they know how to handle a super production. But this was a whole other level. This was THE biggest super production probably ever. And they pulled it off. They **** did it. The action iss superb, Russo brothers house brand; the OST is incredible, almost never using the cheap trick of the Avengers theme (like Age of Ultron), but still being able to put together such a superb OST at the same level of those composed by Hans Zimmer for DC, is truly an achivement. It may cheat a little bit based on the fact that characteer development is carrried out in the other Marvel movies, but at the same time it's a universe at the end of the day, so everything is connected, which makes the fact that there's little character development (apart from Thanos, which I will discuss in a second) not a flaw, but a strenght so that it can let the movie flow at a greeat pace.Now let talk Thanos. Marvel, and DC, have never beeen able to pull off a great villain in the movies, that was until now. Thanos is a good villain, a pretty good one even by the industry's standard. It has emotions, real and credible ones. And he isn't evil. I mean, his actions aren't the best  and his plan is quite extreme, but in the end he's doing it all for the saake of the universe and prosperity of all races.This movie was, for the first time, everything that I expected. Don't know how the Russo brothers are going to top this with the next Avenger movie. but for now we're left with a great movie with the honor of being called the best Marvel movie (next to Logan).… Expand
The best movie of the 2018.THE BEST!!!Marvel definitely has now solved their villain problem.The best Superhero movie of all time.
If Thanos is out of his mind, so are the minds of the screenwriters of this film. They try to make sense out of Thano’s mad “Kill Half” theory. They even tried to add some humanity to this psycho sociopath. He has half of the universe’s blood on his hands, but he also has a heart? What? This is the definition of insane. I guess the screenwriters went crazy after the Marvel executives said “you can kill anyone” in Infinity War. So they tried to find ways to torture the audience and kill as many main characters as they can. I felt like I was watching a horror movie and waiting for getting PTSD. The campy and melodramatic killings – boyfriend killing girlfriend, girlfriend killing boyfriend, and father killing daughter really threw me off. It’s very dramatic, and it works to make an emotional impact on the audience. But in my perspective, to execute characters in a deliberately rapid manner, while torturing the audience and making them mourn, it’s atrocious, cold-blooded, manipulative, and low-quality writing. There is more to bear than to enjoy when watching the movie.Marvel just does not know when to stop making jokes. Making fun in Infinity War will only make people do not know how to feel happiness and sadness. I did laugh while they were having a bit fun. But it felt so wrong, we just lost somebody not long ago. The audience next to me even laughed while crying and looked ridiculous. I think Marvel had internal screenings but I am appalled by this apparently poor narrative design. I completely understand they do not want a serious tone throughout the running time, but changing the scene and adding a joke after ending a character’s life do not help ease the intense atmosphere. The lack of running time in Infinity War makes it very hectic, messy when progressing the story. Some leading roles were even made out to be like side characters. The Captain America team and the Black Panther team suffered from very short screen time. Except fighting the characters had no time for feelings, those who had the chance to share strong sentiments were Thor and Gamora. The audience had a glance of everything but left with much more questions and desire.There is no point to discuss who got killed in Infinity War, because some characters with confirmed sequels got killed, which does not make sense. And viewers can immediately predict what will happen in the next film.Infinity War is so awful that it is the worst in MCU. I do not appreciate its story design, character development and interactions, and its insensitivity to the audience’s emotions. A majority of the film tortures and kills many favorite superheroes of the fans – it’s not well-intentioned, and it’s not entertainment. I can’t see the point of this film. Well, the visuals are still the brighter side of this film – the cinematics featuring many beautiful sceneries and details, and the heroes featuring new tactics and moves. But they seem not worthy of overcompliments. What’s wrong with you, Marvel? It’s not fun when you treat the heroes like that!… Expand
awesome movie. worth every penny. best marvel movie till now wow ..marvel do know what they are doing.exceptionally entertaining.… Expand
They threw away the "upbeat/happy/fun formula" and instead went for milking the audience by splitting the movie into two parts. Dont expect fun or comedy from this part(which IMO is the whole point of entertainment), mostly drama, its a cliffThey threw away the "upbeat/happy/fun formula" and instead went for milking the audience by splitting the movie into two parts. Dont expect fun or comedy from this part(which IMO is the whole point of entertainment), mostly drama, its a cliff hangar but they work hard to extinguish all hope so more like a sad ending. Go see Ready Player One if you want fun.… Expand
I love the world of marvel but in this movie there is saturation of information in a very short time, it becomes tedious and boring, I lost interest in the middle of the movie.
It was good until it ended. SPOILERS: Thor "kills" Thanos by throwing the axe inside him, but WAIT. Thanos just disappears to somewhere else! Even worse...all your favorite heroes die, turning into dust! Spider Man, Black Panther's friends,It was good until it ended. SPOILERS: Thor "kills" Thanos by throwing the axe inside him, but WAIT. Thanos just disappears to somewhere else! Even worse...all your favorite heroes die, turning into dust! Spider Man, Black Panther's friends, etc. Every character you love (besides a few), all DIE. If you like movies that start good but make you feel like utter garbage, and waste your time....watch this! It's good for that. If you expect a good movie, don't bother. The two snotbags who created this monstrosity are just P.O.S's wallowing in filth, disguised by the Avenger brand under their belt.… Expand
Disney is at it again with putting in silly one liners where they TOTALLY don't fit in.  Didn't they learn from that disaster with Thor Ragna-one-liners?  The CGI is bad.  The villain looks like Bruce Willis is choking on a grape and his faceDisney is at it again with putting in silly one liners where they TOTALLY don't fit in.  Didn't they learn from that disaster with Thor Ragna-one-liners?  The CGI is bad.  The villain looks like Bruce Willis is choking on a grape and his face turns purple. Bruce Banners head looked like a SUPER bad photoshop where his head looked disembodied in the fat ironman suit. Stupid movie. The battle in Wakanda is just the battle from Star Wars Episode 1.  I even yelled out "starting up da shield".  The bad guys had tunneling machines to go under the shield yet choose to sacrifice hundreds of dog things needlessly into the shield.  Dr. Strange could made a portal around Thanos' hand and cut the glove/arm right off him, villain beaten, OR rewind time since he's the master of it with his stone.  Hulk turned into a MASSIVE WUSS.  Guardians were bad joke after bad joke.  I could just go on and on.  Save your 8 bucks for a good movie and skip this one.… Expand
I expected a more relaxed plot but, from start to finish I see only action fight and to thanos, a good movie with a lot of fanservice, good for marketing, the tears of thano that more forced lie, if even gamora had no affection.
Верните мне мои 2.5 часа жизни.Худший фильм за всю историю кинематографа. 0/10.
I had low expectations for the movie going into it and it was not bad as a pure action movie. Too much bad CGI and plot holes and dumb jokes and lack of character development ruined it. My biggest beef was that they did not follow the comicsI had low expectations for the movie going into it and it was not bad as a pure action movie. Too much bad CGI and plot holes and dumb jokes and lack of character development ruined it. My biggest beef was that they did not follow the comics at all in terms of why Thanos invaded earth and wanted to take the Infinity stones- to impress death and they screwed that up with a lame theory of overpopulation. Also the beginning made zero sense no intro no structure whatsoever. Well it was better than Ultron at least. Also wtf was the Black Order so weak in the film? How come Dr. Strange was weak? He could have took Thanos arm off and teleported the glove away. Hopefully the next one is better written and less bad CGI.… Expand
Amazing! Amazing action, emotions, jokes, visuals. I wasn't sure its possible but its better than in my bold dreams. Just go and watch it!
This movie should be a mandatory study for all Hollywood writers.  No movie has gone where this has and it still works. That ending is so unique, narrow minded people won't get it but down the line, people will look back and say Infinity WarThis movie should be a mandatory study for all Hollywood writers.  No movie has gone where this has and it still works. That ending is so unique, narrow minded people won't get it but down the line, people will look back and say Infinity War started something for movies in general.… Expand
Unstoppable action movie. Unstoppable visual effects. Unstoppable humor from Guardians of Galaxy team. Unstoppable heroes on one screen. Impossible to stop repeating in my mind the phrase "I don't feel so good." Best movie of #Marvel!!! #InfinityWar #Avengers … Expand
It delivered. Is it wierd I was moved by Thanos? Can't wait to see the next Avengers movie in 2019!
Well made Marvel movie. Great CGI and lots and lots of action, but the story isn't all that I thought it would be. It might be somewhat disengaging because so many of the heroes die. The whole reason Thanos wants to wipe half the universe isWell made Marvel movie. Great CGI and lots and lots of action, but the story isn't all that I thought it would be. It might be somewhat disengaging because so many of the heroes die. The whole reason Thanos wants to wipe half the universe is actually pretty dumb. Suppose you just randomly kill off half the world, what would it actually change for the future of the planet? A few generations later numbers would be back to where they were. The "problem" wouldn't have been "solved" at all. The concept for the movie is just dumb. Thanos is a powerful idiot, I'd hope he wouldn't come back, but more similar garbage is undoubtedly on the way.Overall it's not a bad movie, but for me it was a pretty big let down. "The Avengers movie of the year!", undoubtedly true if it's the only one. "The Marvel movie of the year?" not so much unless you want to overlook the glaring problems this movie has. Too many heroes packed in there, with just not enough time for meaningful contributions. Not much more than "Oh and he's here too! Interesting eh? And oh well yeah he died. Feel sorry much?"It's well made, can't blame the actors, but the story/script is a bit of a mess. Better than Ragnarok but I walked away from Black Panther with a far better feeling than I did from this one. Maybe worth a 7 on a really good day for the action and CGI, but I'm giving it a 6. No universal acclaim here, I'm sorry I let my son talk me into going to the theatre to see it.Marvel should think longer about the story. They obviously know how to do action scenes, their story-writing division needs more time, and/or better people, to perfect their work, so they can make movies that are actually worth making and seeing. I'm certainly not going to go see Avengers 4 in the theatre, the whole Thanos storyarc has managed to make me not care if any of the Avengers live or die. Better to just move on and be done with it.… Expand
The whole point of Thanos's plan was for half of the universe to die so naturally, A decent portion of the cast is dead at the end of the film. Very, very few are gonna be permanent though because guess what? A majority of the cast hasThe whole point of Thanos's plan was for half of the universe to die so naturally, A decent portion of the cast is dead at the end of the film. Very, very few are gonna be permanent though because guess what? A majority of the cast has contracts and other movies in development. So it kind of ruins that whole ending when they've already announced sequels and the cast members to go along with them. So what was the point in killing all of them off when nearly all of them are coming back? It makes no sense and it kind of ruined the movie, which honestly was rather so-so.There were a few funny bits with the Guardians, Dr Strange and Tony. I thought that the best storytelling parts involved Thor and Thanos was a much deeper villain than I thought. So it's not a total wash of a film but I still felt that it was nowhere near the epic film it should have been.… Expand
Really nice Movie!!!! I have to say I wasn't expecting too much but the movie was relly nice.
Es la mejor película de Marvel lejos, entretenida y excelente para ver en el cine, te quedas de loco y te cebado, yo salí mordiendo las paredes y pateando tachos de basura, thanos es el mejor villano de la historia, DC la tenés re adentroEs la mejor película de Marvel lejos, entretenida y excelente para ver en el cine, te quedas de loco y te cebado, yo salí mordiendo las paredes y pateando tachos de basura, thanos es el mejor villano de la historia, DC la tenés re adentro nunca vas a poder superar esto loco. Vamos los pibes y vamos los Avengers.… Expand
I was very happy with this film.  At first, I though oh great a 2 1/2 hour Marvel movie, but I never looked at my watch once.  They did a terrific job with Thanos.  Even though he was all CGI, they gave him character development and you had aI was very happy with this film.  At first, I though oh great a 2 1/2 hour Marvel movie, but I never looked at my watch once.  They did a terrific job with Thanos.  Even though he was all CGI, they gave him character development and you had a good understanding of the personality behind the villain.  This is usually completely lacking in many inferior films.  At one point, I found myself sympathizing with him.  Be sure to go see this in a true 70 mm IMAX theater for the best experience like I always do when these action movies are released.… Expand
From its scale, action, comedy, and expectation subversion, Avengers: Infinity War is truly a spectacle and arguably the most daring blockbuster ever put to screen. It succeeds in providing an exhilarating, emotional, and excellent filmgoingFrom its scale, action, comedy, and expectation subversion, Avengers: Infinity War is truly a spectacle and arguably the most daring blockbuster ever put to screen. It succeeds in providing an exhilarating, emotional, and excellent filmgoing experience. Thanos is the best villain in the MCU no doubt, the time and attention given to his character and motivations is worth the 10 year buildup. My only flaws with this film are the somewhat forced relationships between characters and motivations and the film's "part 1" nature. Other than that, this film must be experienced in theaters and is one of the most epic movies I have seen in a long time.… Expand
I don't know where the critics looked down on this movie. Outside of a so-so start, Infinity War entertains better than perhaps any other Marvel movie has to date. The action was fantastic, there were a few great jokes in there, and for theI don't know where the critics looked down on this movie. Outside of a so-so start, Infinity War entertains better than perhaps any other Marvel movie has to date. The action was fantastic, there were a few great jokes in there, and for the first time in a very long time I had to fight back tears over something that happens in the movie (seriously glad that moment only lasted for so long because I was ready to unload years of frustration and grief in one moment). It's tough to manage a lot of star power on the screen over 2 1/2 hours but Marvel manages it incredibly well. For the first time in an Avengers movie audiences don't necessarily get what they want and it's both infuriating and amazing. It'll be hard not to dish out spoilers and I won't spill any beans but the table that this movie sets is one of the most intriguing futures I can remember in movies - better than Star Wars (at least post-OG trilogy). Infinity War makes Captain Marvel and whatever the currently unnamed AV4 incredibly important. Bottom line: this is the Avengers movie to see in theaters, and see it in a big one if you can because having a big screen and Dolby Atmos was a blast for myself.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War's heart is the Mad Titan Thanos, who provides the greatest emotional highs and lows in the film. The narrative is relatively straightforward (the Avengers & co. must stop Thanos from acquiring all the Infinity Stones)Avengers: Infinity War's heart is the Mad Titan Thanos, who provides the greatest emotional highs and lows in the film. The narrative is relatively straightforward (the Avengers & co. must stop Thanos from acquiring all the Infinity Stones) and never once does the film seem to drag, a miracle given the number of characters involved. I have two main criticisms of the film: first, I found many characters to be underutilized (Black Panther, Steve Rodgers, Bruce Banner, among others), and second, I thought the entire subplot of Thor crafting his new weapon to defeat Thanos to be trite and silly (giant Peter Dinklage did not help). I was not a fan of some of the strange tonal shifts throughout the film. However, despite its flaws, IW is a very entertaining movie that pretty much any fan of the superhero genre will enjoy. It relies heavily on its audience having seen the previous Marvel films, so if you're new to the Marvel scene, I'd suggest watching the back catalogue first before diving in.… Expand
This is what Marvel is. A 10+ year saga in the making, a saga that never failed the balance of light & dark, one humorous and deep emotional moment at a time. Every brilliant crossover, choreographed action, and relatable depth of loss allThis is what Marvel is. A 10+ year saga in the making, a saga that never failed the balance of light & dark, one humorous and deep emotional moment at a time. Every brilliant crossover, choreographed action, and relatable depth of loss all pertains to why the MCU has always been millions of steps ahead in the live-action industry. I will watch it again, and again, until the next masterpiece to come.… Expand
Easily one of the best movies in the MCU pantheon, up there with The Avengers, Civil War, and Spider-man Homecoming (my personal favorites). If you're watching this movie, it assumes that you've seen Civil War, Ragnarok, Guardians of theEasily one of the best movies in the MCU pantheon, up there with The Avengers, Civil War, and Spider-man Homecoming (my personal favorites). If you're watching this movie, it assumes that you've seen Civil War, Ragnarok, Guardians of the Galaxy #1, Dr. Strange, and a few other films from the Marvel universe. If you've made that time investment, this movie represents an amazing culmination of the preceding events. If you haven't, this movie isn't going to convert you into a Marvel-phile, but it would probably still be worth watching all the same.… Expand
Coming from someone who has watched every Marvel Studios movie in theatres and was a fan of the modern era of marvel comics this is a godsend of a movie that never wastes your time and satisfies you in all fronts. Its amazing to be aliveComing from someone who has watched every Marvel Studios movie in theatres and was a fan of the modern era of marvel comics this is a godsend of a movie that never wastes your time and satisfies you in all fronts. Its amazing to be alive right now. This is legendary right here. The Russo brothers have done the impossible. I didn't know what to expect honestly and yet I walked out of the theatre dumbfounded at just how satisfied I was with the acting, plot, and most importantly how all the characters were written. This is literally the best comic book movie ever made. The amount of emotions going through me for 3 hours was insane!! This is not a standalone film but a culmination of 10 years of growing up with these characters where every character has a certain liking and depth to them that the viewer holds before they appear in the movie. In order to appreciate this movie to it's fullest I have to say you must have watched all 18 that have come before. Only then can you walk out of the theatre as satisfied as I've felt. A huge thank you to the Russo brothers for doing what is necessary to reshape the MCU into what it should be.… Expand
I guess this is a part one of 2, but let's be clear Avengers is not the "Lord of the Rings".  I was traveling, had a free evening and wanted to be entertained. This movie failed.  The humor seemed forced.  The bad guy Thanos was rendered terribly.  He looked so fake that it took me out of the movie.  This was such a disappointment after the superb "Black Panther". I'm sure they'll all return in part 2 but 50% of the hero's dead?  Finally - way too long.… Expand
The best of Avengers movies and one of the most massive blockbusters of all time. All those storylines, all those moves have lead us to this. This is jewel, masterpiece of Marvel moviemaking. Mindblowing special effects, solid strong story, IThe best of Avengers movies and one of the most massive blockbusters of all time. All those storylines, all those moves have lead us to this. This is jewel, masterpiece of Marvel moviemaking. Mindblowing special effects, solid strong story, I don't remember when I enjoyed a movie so much in latter years. Solid 10 of 10. Critics with mixed or negative reviews must be mad or simply haven't watched a movie.… Expand
In my opinion one of the best superhero movies to date. It's funny, exciting, and unpredictable.
Admittedly, I tried not to get myself too hyped for this film. I'm a casual Marvel fan, yes, so Marvel Cinematic Universe films already aren't the films I look forward to the absolute most in a given year, but I definitely like to watch themAdmittedly, I tried not to get myself too hyped for this film. I'm a casual Marvel fan, yes, so Marvel Cinematic Universe films already aren't the films I look forward to the absolute most in a given year, but I definitely like to watch them every once in a while. However, after "Age of Ultron" disappointed me (even though I still enjoyed it), I didn't want to get my expectations too high for this because I didn't want to be let-down. Thankfully, I wasn't. "Avengers: Infinity War" has it all: high-stakes action, emotion, visual splendor, great acting and cinematography, and a script that thankfully never loses focus, even though it's focusing in on a large group of characters. Even as someone that hasn't seen every MCU film, I felt like I could follow this one very easily. I'm sure by this point, most of you have seen this already so I don't REALLY need to tell you to see it, but if you haven't, give it a look! "Avengers: Infinity War" is well worth the hype!… Expand
Another great MCU movie, and a breakthrough amalgam of shared-universe cinema. This is an important movie that will leave a lasting effect on the industry. Marvel Studios' cinematic universe is proof that love and attention to detail willAnother great MCU movie, and a breakthrough amalgam of shared-universe cinema. This is an important movie that will leave a lasting effect on the industry. Marvel Studios' cinematic universe is proof that love and attention to detail will always produce quality entertainment. Love it or hate it, this style of movie-making has undeniably given us an incredible number characters and connected stories that we now love. Ten years of build up gives us an appreciation and connection with these characters that no other film has even come close to. Sure, sequels have been a thing for many years, but never to this scale. No other movie franchise has made me feel the way I did while watching Infinity War. It is truly an experience I'll never forget.… Expand
Easily the best of the Avenger films, took risks and had alot of surprises. I found it as a whole to be better than Black Panther but falls short of Thor Ragnarok. With that being said, Thanos is a pure force of biblical proportion and he easily carries the movie just based on his screen presence. This film is not without its issues, firstly theres a ton of exposition, mostly for those who probably hadn't seen all of the Marvel movies. There are alot of characters in this film, alot of things going on and it's easy to find yourself lost by the storylines and subplots as they weave together. Some of the characters, most notably Thor and Peter Quill lack proper development from previous movies as they gain powers from the movies but proceed not to use them. The biggest problem I have with the movie involves late on the movie where there are some opportunities to stop Thanos, but because of stupidity and selfishness of certain characters they fail which results in the deaths of millions. It's a good movie nonetheless and it's definitely worth seeing if youre a fan of the Marvel movies.… Expand
This is undoubtedly the greatest spectacle of contemporary entertainment cinema and the largest crossover in the history of cinema. This production is full of wonderful scenes, well-written characters, fast action and a great CGI, and it is aThis is undoubtedly the greatest spectacle of contemporary entertainment cinema and the largest crossover in the history of cinema. This production is full of wonderful scenes, well-written characters, fast action and a great CGI, and it is a pop culture event that has already shown the strength in boxoffice. I do not have anything to cling to, and even if I wanted it - it would be so far-fetched that it's a pity to talk. I was having a great time, and until the next movie with such a high bar appears, the score will be still 10/10.… Expand
Best movie ever!.As Moche1 said, I expected to be disappointed, but this movie delivers on all fronts.I laughed, clapped and cried at the end.Thank you, Marvel.
The Geneva convention exists precisely to keep this type of inhumane atrocity from occurring in the modern world. Someone needs to go on trial.If the reason you watch movies is to witness celebrity superstars/heros clash in outrageous fitsThe Geneva convention exists precisely to keep this type of inhumane atrocity from occurring in the modern world. Someone needs to go on trial.If the reason you watch movies is to witness celebrity superstars/heros clash in outrageous fits of visual grandeur and auditory overload, this is your cinematic nirvana. If you demand even an iota of something more, Infinity War is 2.5 hours of nearly unbearable cruel and unusual punishment.I did love that ending though, and now I take my leave of the MCU.… Expand
I can forgive Disney for ruining the Star Wars movies with this gem. Infinity wars has the most well developed villain they've conceived thus far, and this is what makes the movie so interesting. The movie is action packed, full of loss andI can forgive Disney for ruining the Star Wars movies with this gem. Infinity wars has the most well developed villain they've conceived thus far, and this is what makes the movie so interesting. The movie is action packed, full of loss and tragedy, with humor sprinkled in all over. What is shocking is how they managed to pull off a movie with this many moving pieces and characters without ruining it's plot. I've enjoyed all their movies, to some degree, and I have to say this one is the best. Ranking:1): Infinity War2): Winter Soldier3): Thor: Ragnarok4): Guardians of the Galaxy5): Avengers 1… Expand
le creas la  critica especializada esta buenísima tiene un poco humor fuera  de tono pero esta muy buena.çle doy 10 sabiendo que no es perfecta pero en un todo se esfuerza para mantener al espectador minteresa por verla.… Expand
This is the movie X-MEN: Age of Apocalypse should have been. This movie is impressive as it manages to showcase each of the characters from the previous instalments without compromising the quality of the movie.Thanos feels as epic andThis is the movie X-MEN: Age of Apocalypse should have been. This movie is impressive as it manages to showcase each of the characters from the previous instalments without compromising the quality of the movie.Thanos feels as epic and threatening as the first time we saw/heard about him in the marvel cinematic universe. Marvel has finally found their ultimate super villain! He isn't a cookie cutter villain like Steppenwolf from Justice League, he's layered and at times...actually throughout the film I was on his side to succeed. I can't type anymore without spoiling the film, please go watch this amazing film!… Expand
This is a hard review to put into words. As you can see by my score of 9, I loved the movie, but, it's not without it's faults. FYI I won't be spoiling anything.On the one hand, it's a well made film. You can feel the passion that went intoThis is a hard review to put into words. As you can see by my score of 9, I loved the movie, but, it's not without it's faults. FYI I won't be spoiling anything.On the one hand, it's a well made film. You can feel the passion that went into this magnificent beast of a film and I do mean beast. This is where we transition to the other hand as this movie is large in every sense of the word. While the length didn't bother me in the slightest (seriously where DID those 2 and a half hours go?) the amount of characters in the movie can be a problem. The problem being that there's very little character development, unsurprisingly as there are something like 24 main characters, and I won't lie, this makes the movie feel ever so slightly hollow. Some characters also end up feeling unimportant and in some cases this feels a little shocking. Even some major players feel like they didn't get their time to shine. Returning to the positive, there is some benefit as well being that these are all fantastic characters so there's never a dull moment.Being a huge fan of the MCU Infinity War was a glorious payoff. Seeing some of my favourite characters of all time interact all together for the first time was incredible. Each faction the characters were broken off into felt well thought out and implemented to great success. For the most part character meetings and back and forth dialogue felt very natural.Infinity War's connections to the rest of the MCU felt sporadic to me. It seemed as though it connected where it wanted to and ignored things it didn't want to deal with. For the parts it didn't connect, I assume they couldn't find an effective way to do so so it was probably for the best that they were not brought up anyway. Still, one event that should have held weight is not referenced even once. The movie seems to deal with characters better than events when it comes to connections.In summary, this is a fun, exciting, well crafted movie that mostly lives up to expectations. Definitely one of my favourites. Now I promised I won't spoil anything, but, whoooo that ending! What a powerful, beautiful, unexpected way to go out! For years since they announced this movie I puzzled about how it could possibly end, but, now that I've seen it, I don't think it could have ended any other way.… Expand
By far the best Avenger movie to date. With focus on the most interesting heros and a great variety of unique villains it's a must see for the marvel enthusiast.
"Dread It. Run from it. Destiny still arrives."10 years of Marvel everyone. No words can describe this, like wow. Thinking back to the first Iron Man and now where things have escalated into, it’s insane. While I can be a bit iffy with"Dread It. Run from it. Destiny still arrives."10 years of Marvel everyone. No words can describe this, like wow. Thinking back to the first Iron Man and now where things have escalated into, it’s insane. While I can be a bit iffy with superheroes movies, but now I realize how this type of genre played a bigger part in my life than before. But now Infinity War, the film those 10 years have hyped and prepared us for has finally arrived, and...holy sh*t.The Russo Brothers did the impossible by making every aspect that many people, including myself thought could down vote the movie for the worse, but manage surpass my worries and made a grand spectacle of excitement and sadness. Making sure every hero has they moment to shine and not be pushed to the background. I mean, these characters are so different from each other, especially the movies they originally came from, but not once felt out of place when sharing screen time. However, you can’t watch this has a single film, because you will have no idea what’s going on or who’s who. Please make sure to watch the other movies before this, as there is so many story lines going on in this movie it’s absurd, but at the same time amazes me how well handled it was. This may not be an easy thing to pull off - The Russo Brother did it without a sweat.The action sequences is wild and beyond epic. The Wakanda battle scene is more crazy than the plot itself. The superhero team ups were all enjoyable, but Thor, Groot, and Rocket Raccoon are the main highlights. Some of the best one liners and dynamic character interactions came from those three. Strangely enough (no pun intended) Doctor Strange was more entertaining and cool in this than his own movie. The back and forward between him and Tony are pure gold. People have pointed out how similar they are, in terms of characterization, in reality are completely different from each other.Now let's talk about the big guy who’s been hyped up since the first Avengers film - The Mad Titan Thanos. I ain't gonna beat around the bush when I say this - he is one of the best villains in the MCU. You see, Thanos wants to save the universe from extinction by killing half of it, this bringing it into balance. Utterly insane but makes sense. Just how he enters a scene with his eyes scanning the area like predator looking for its prey, stopping in his tracks and a devilish grin suddenly appear on his face, which says a lot without words. The visual effects on Thanos is the most realistic CGI renderization ever. To the point of forgetting you’re watching a CGI character. It's scary good. Also he throws a planet. A PLANET. While his presence is menacing and poetic by the way he speaks, but also the most emotional villain yet, with perfect development and depth. Like when was the last time you saw a villain in these type of movies literally start to cry, and I cried with him. He is given a lot of screen time which helps to flesh out the character. Josh Brolin delivers an excellent performance and brought so much to the table in terms of emotional range.Marvel track record with previous villains has been pretty bad, but phrase three have shown a lot of improvements. Not just the villains, but the beautiful shots and having this colorful energy finally gives it more style. The film’s runtime is two and a half hours, and not once do you feel it. The pace is always moving and there’s no time to breathe. The stakes are higher and there’s real consequences. You fear for the heroes for once as your not sure how things are gonna turn out.Of course you should be expecting a lot of deaths, not just supporting characters, main characters. Don’t worry I won’t spoil anything, you’re safe with me. Just be prepared for the emotional punches - however I wasn't expecting how well balanced it was alongside the humor. There’s a lot of humor and don’t let that put you off from thinking it doesn't have it’s dark elements, because it does, just being miserable throughout can sometimes be an empty experience.My only issues were some effects looked a bit unfinished and some of the humor dragged the pacing down a bit. At times losing focus. Peter Dinklage is a great actor, but he isn't great in this and I have no idea what accent he’s putting on. It’s also weird seeing a dwarfish actor playing a giant, just funny to me.Other than those issues, this is a real game changer for Marvel and I can’t wait to see what happens next. At the moment, it's my 4th favorite Marvel film. It's exciting and shocking, yet never hopeless.Overall Rating: That ending...… Expand
Pretty much everything I could've wanted this movie to be. Thanos was very well written and lived up to the hype. They erased the 3 weak spots that normally plague Marvel films: weak villains, no stakes, too many jokes. Thanos was anPretty much everything I could've wanted this movie to be. Thanos was very well written and lived up to the hype. They erased the 3 weak spots that normally plague Marvel films: weak villains, no stakes, too many jokes. Thanos was an excellent villain, without spoiling, it's clear that some characters won't make it out of Inifinity Wars alive, and they did a great job with the more dramatic scenes of the movie as well.… Expand
Good Charakters. No other movie company will bring up a cinema movie with that many great cgi effects.
By far my favorite Marvel movie. Everything is just perfect, the performances are so amazing, one more time Tom Holland stole the scene. Finally we see some deaths, I just hope they are not definitive.… Expand
A very acceptable movie, with a incredible history. A few weird and bad scenes.
Ten years and eighteen movies have led up to this moment and we're finally here. So feel free to completely lose it because Avengers: Infinity War deserves all of your praise. From the very first teaser trailer the hype and expectations wereTen years and eighteen movies have led up to this moment and we're finally here. So feel free to completely lose it because Avengers: Infinity War deserves all of your praise. From the very first teaser trailer the hype and expectations were high but it certainly did deliver. Avengers set the bar quite high and honestly some of their movies since haven't reached the standard (looking at you Age of Ultron and Civil War) and although I was apprehensive about Infinity War part one I couldn't help get caught up in the hype. Everything from the story, visual effects and more importantly the sheer number of characters will drive your inner fanboy crazy. Seeing them all interact with each other is worth losing it over.Thanos (Josh Brolin) has finally made a real appearance, sporting a shiny gauntlet all ready to gather up the infinity stones. The Avengers and their allies must now risk everything to protect the world from Thanos. The tone is much darker than the usual Marvel formula yet impressively it still managed to keep the comedy. It's highly emotional, more than any other Marvel movie, the stakes are higher, there are real consequences and no character is safe. The endless stream of superhero movies we get year in year out don't have much of an impact anymore, they're predictable and safe to the point of boredom. Infinity War has brought everything to a new level. Everyone gets their moment, it doesn't suffer from the characters fighting for screen time and it doesn't suffer from a boring and predictable plot. The back story and character development on Thanos was unexpected and added extra depth to the story. The Avengers movies have always gotten the villains right but Thanos is exceptional. I've always preferred the solo superhero movies but as far as group movies go this is without a doubt one of the best. The superhero genre has finally gotten tiresome but Marvel has given us another terrific superhero movie. Sure it's got some issues, mainly the running time, 2hours and 30minutes for part one seems excessive yet in saying that I've seen shorter movies that felt a lot longer so I can't complain too much. It's entertaining, emotional and fun, the best Avengers movie since Avengers one. There's no real need for a recommendation, all you die-hard Marvel fans have probably already seen Infinity War. For everyone else, if you're in any way into superhero films then yes Infinity War is highly recommended. … Expand
It's a very awesome movie, but it didn't get a 10 from me because there are too many characters to fill the movie with a runtime of 2h30min and did not have a lot of screentime for everyone. Which is why I felt the ending was over quickerIt's a very awesome movie, but it didn't get a 10 from me because there are too many characters to fill the movie with a runtime of 2h30min and did not have a lot of screentime for everyone. Which is why I felt the ending was over quicker than I wanted it to. Maybe that's what the directors were aiming for. I wasn't bored for even a second though. The movie keeps you entertained from beginning to end.I left the theater after the end-credits scene and was left with a desire for more.  But I still think if it had gone 20-30 minutes longer the conclusion would've hit me harder than it has now.… Expand
Spoiler free review:  One of the best movies of 2018.  Arguably one of if not the best super hero movie of all time.  You will not feel the two and half hours.  You will want it to be longer.  Get yourself ready for the culmination of theSpoiler free review:  One of the best movies of 2018.  Arguably one of if not the best super hero movie of all time.  You will not feel the two and half hours.  You will want it to be longer.  Get yourself ready for the culmination of the last ten years of what Disney and Marvel has brought you which is nothing but great marvel movies. There is some comedy in this movie which follows the tone of each of the super hero and their respective movie but its not all flowers and roses.  There are some somber moments as well as some epic moments.  The soundtrack works well with the movie.  This movie juggles the entire cast very well and does so without a hiccup.  Very well directed, written, scripted.  Everything flows.  Cant wait to see part two since this will leave you with a cliffhanger. Marvel/Disney have produced great movies and there are no signs of slowing down. If you are a super hero/comic book fan do yourself a favor and go watch this now. Marvel also solved their villain problem. Thanos is magnificent!… Expand
Dont know how the Media can rate Black Panther that high and this much more amazing Movie that low. The effects, story, characters and especially humor were great. the whole cinema auditorium laughed their ass off. The first Avenger Movie andDont know how the Media can rate Black Panther that high and this much more amazing Movie that low. The effects, story, characters and especially humor were great. the whole cinema auditorium laughed their ass off. The first Avenger Movie and Infinity war are definitely the best ones! Hope they stay on this high level and make even more movies like this. Looking forward for it!… Expand
La mejor película de marvel, y una de las mejores películas de superheroes de la historia... un villano increible, un gran respeto a cada uno de los personajes, una trama sencilla pero muy efectiva y un tercer acto sobresaliente... unaLa mejor película de marvel, y una de las mejores películas de superheroes de la historia... un villano increible, un gran respeto a cada uno de los personajes, una trama sencilla pero muy efectiva y un tercer acto sobresaliente... una película capaz de hacer reir, llorar, temer y aplaudir al público, puede tener ligeras fallas, pero con todo el esfuerzo de los directores por lograr una fusión perfecta de todos los personajes, merece un 10… Expand
I was so hyped about this film, but I was a little bit worried for being disappointed. Hell, no; that was freaking awesome.A:IV managed to change your feelings in every moment of this expierence, making you to be sad in a moment, laughing inI was so hyped about this film, but I was a little bit worried for being disappointed. Hell, no; that was freaking awesome.A:IV managed to change your feelings in every moment of this expierence, making you to be sad in a moment, laughing in another... but what really made me to put the 10 is because they have managed to make me worry about the lives of the heroes, which none of other superheroes movies achieved that.Thanos is the best villain of the MCU by far, because his motivations and how far he go in order to rich his goals; the black Order is a little bit disappointing because they are still simple henchmen.The relation of the characters, how they meet each other and their conversations it's just fantastic.In general, this was an awesome experience with some mistakes, but all eclipsed for the great hits in all the film. Good Soundtrak and a constant transmission of feelings. 10/10… Expand
В каком то веке marvel сделали антагониста которому можно сопереживать и самое главное, при стольких супергероев на квадратный метр сюжет не кажется сумбурным, все протекает более-менее логичном, на сколько могут быть логичны фильмы поВ каком то веке marvel сделали антагониста которому можно сопереживать и самое главное, при стольких супергероев на квадратный метр сюжет не кажется сумбурным, все протекает более-менее логичном, на сколько могут быть логичны фильмы по книжкам-картинкам для детей, при этом держа в напряжении. Зачет в общем, деньги на билет себя полностью окупили.… Expand
Competence is the name of the game and Marvel is winning. Infinity War is not the best film ever and the fanboy hype surrounding it is disproportionate and annoying: the script has some major plot holes, the narrative structure has someCompetence is the name of the game and Marvel is winning. Infinity War is not the best film ever and the fanboy hype surrounding it is disproportionate and annoying: the script has some major plot holes, the narrative structure has some issues and some of the humour and sentimentality is forced and/or completely out of place, BUT I honestly can't believe how well the Russo brothers have pulled this movie off. The fact that Infinity War is a coherent film and not a complete clusterf#ck is worth a standing ovation alone, but on top of that the Marvel team managing to create a thoroughly entertaining and genuinely great blockbuster is a goddamn miracle. Infinity War successfully reinvigorated my excitement for future Marvel films, well at least for the next Avengers, so good on ya Kevin Feige.… Expand
It is the best movie ever made of Marvel from beginning to end and Thanos is the best villain.
One of the best films I've ever seen, Marvel have brought together so many individual series together in a way that blows the mind of the viewer. To follow stories that are happening in so many places at once and to all be in one film is justOne of the best films I've ever seen, Marvel have brought together so many individual series together in a way that blows the mind of the viewer. To follow stories that are happening in so many places at once and to all be in one film is just immense. A must see!… Expand
I haven't finished watching the movie, at this point. But I felt more compelled to stop it and write a review while my thoughts were still fresh in my mind.What score this film deserves depends entirely on how you judge it... If it isI haven't finished watching the movie, at this point. But I felt more compelled to stop it and write a review while my thoughts were still fresh in my mind.What score this film deserves depends entirely on how you judge it... If it is judged as a spectacle of cinematic prowess, it probably deserves five stars. At least four and a half... They do a good job squashing forty characters into a two hour film - an amazing job, really - but I'm tired of being pandered to like that.If the (future) audience of Jaws had written the film based on our need for instant gratification, there wouldn't have been any subtlety. The shark would have been the star of the film.The mechanical shark they used in the film - Bruce - apparently broke down so they had to structure the film more around story and character and... suspense!Infinity War is a typical modern film. It has four or five stars because you can pay to get four or five stars. Just buy a franchise and insert Hollywood people.I don't like Guardians of the Galaxy much. I didn't like the Iron Man series, very much, either. Robert Downey Junior is a great actor. I don't want him to be Iron Man or Sherlock Holmes.This film reeks of desperation. It wants your approval.Like Guardians of the Galaxy?No?It doesn't matter. Don't worry about that.We've also got Iron Man!Don't like Iron Man?Don't worry about it!We've got the Hulk....It's like rave culture. Like children's cartoons. The Avengers (and Marvel/Disney, in general) is all about pandering to your expectations.Comic books were better when they didn't have Robert Downey Junior in them and they didn't cost millions of dollars. But, at the same time, the exact opposite of that sentence is also true.I resent the idea that a company can take a creative idea - from George Lucas or Stan Lee or Salvador Dali, or anyone - and force the production of art.This film is very polished, like a lot of film and television that is produced these days... but I don't care about it.The industry part of the "film industry" is increasing. Thirty years ago big studios took chances with bizarre ideas. Now, it has to be a franchise. Doesn't matter if it's a reboot or not. Nobody takes any chances. So, there needs to be a clear argument that something will sell for it to be produced and distributed for mass consumption.This might be the best Avengers movie. I laughed a couple of times. But, it was a guilty pleasure. I experienced self-loathing after the event... Because this film is garbage.It might as well have been produced by big tobacco. There is very little difference in my mind. One is poison for the lungs and the other is poison for the mind.Sometimes I watch films and they actually move me. They challenge me... and then there is this highly polished crap that makes me turn my brain off.I feel stupid - as an adult - watching a film like this. Comic books are for kids. I feel ashamed reviewing this film because that is evidence that I watched it, even though I haven't finished watching it. I'm tired of garbage being inserted into my brain from the media.People always say "the book is better", when it comes to cinematic adaptations of literature. People who don't read, don't understand this. They assume the film is better and everybody who says otherwise is a book nerd.The reason the book is better, is because the film industry doesn't care about it's product. A novelist cares about his/her novel more than it is possible for a team of people to care. The larger the team, the less they care.

It's not possible for tens of thousands of people to care about a project like a novelist cares about his/her novel.

Comic books were created by a couple of people.

Comic book films are created by too many.

Having said all that, I want to watch the sequel... which confuses me. But I don't think that means it is a great film or that I like it more than a smoker likes a cigarette.

They have studied what works psychologically. It doesn't matter if they are playing with your mind or your lungs.

In the end, it's all manipulation.

I don't like this, but I do. It's probably the best you could realistically expect, given they had to smash forty characters into one two hour film. It amused me and annoyed me almost equally... I'm giving it 6, because it probably leaned slightly towards amusement if anything.

I didn't hate this film but I hate myself a little bit for not hating it. I'm too jaded to the Hollywood machine to process stuff like this, these days, without all the baggage that comes with it... I'd rather watch something with substance. Something that comes from the heart.

Storytelling is important. It used to be controlled by storytellers. Now it is controlled by a greedy corporate machine. I'm sick of slick Hollywood salesmen selling their souls and selling us this crap.

This is the last super hero film I will ever watch.… Expand
Incredible. Jaw-dropping. Hilarious. Emotional. Loved the whole thing. Favourites included Spider-Man, Gamora, Thor and Iron Man
Exceeded my expectations at every level. This is the best MCU movie in years, probably since Winter Soldier.
MasterPiece. Melhor filme da Marvel, com final surpreendente, questionando o futuro.
1O years and it all comes to this and it all pays off. Any of my minor gripes aren't enough to bring my score down. Marvel does an amazing job at handling a whole buncha wildly different characters and handles all the layers perfectly.
It was worth waiting for 10 years. The new Empire Strikes Back from Marvel Studios. Do not worry about score 68. They don't understand the MCU, the characters and their motivations. They are in the past. The critic reviewers sucks.
greetings from Russia, the film cool! greetings from Russia, the film cool!
The best film of the MCU. Difficult to improve in any aspect. Amazing since first to the last second.
On ne va pas tourner autour du pot, ce troisième volet de la saga Avengers est une… tuerie ! Et je ne mâche pas mes mots, la formule du premier opus est reconduite avec un respect total du MCU. Le film reprend méticuleusement chaqueOn ne va pas tourner autour du pot, ce troisième volet de la saga Avengers est une… tuerie ! Et je ne mâche pas mes mots, la formule du premier opus est reconduite avec un respect total du MCU. Le film reprend méticuleusement chaque personnage à l’exception d’Ant-Man et Hawkeye.Le film prend place exactement là où c’était terminé Thor: Ragnarok. Souvenez-vous que lors de la scène post-générique Loki et son frère se retrouvait dans l’espace face au vaisseau de Thanos. Tel est le point de départ du film. Nous en resterons là pour l’histoire pour ne pas vous spoiler tant celle-ci est riche et pleine de rebondissements. #ThanosDemandsYourSilence (ne lisez pas la conclusion)Marvel Studios avait promis un film épique, promesse tenue. Les différents univers Marvel se marient à merveille que ce soit Doctor Strange, Les Gardiens de la Galaxie ou encore Black Panther. Les frères Russo avaient annoncés que le film aurait droit à une bataille gigantesque, celle-ci est vraiment énorme et ferait passer la bataille de New York du premier Avengers pour une simple introduction. Les différentes bande-annonces annonçaient aussi un sort funeste pour certains de nos héros préférés, ce qui est le cas bien évidemment et dans certains cas assez surprenant. Quelques nouveaux personnages feront leur apparition dont certains membres de l’ordre noir Black Dwarf, Corvus Glaive, Proxima Midnight ou encore le très cheaté Ebony Maw.La réalisation est assez surprenante et la photographie est magnifique en sachant que le long-métrage nous fera voyager dans différentes continents et à travers toute la galaxie. Les équipes d’ILM ont fait un travail remarquable avec des CGI de toute beauté. Côté soundtrack, on voit le retour du compositeur du premier opus, le grand Alan Silvestri, qui avait d’ailleurs officié sur Captain America: The First Avenger et plus récemment pour Ready Player One.Pour conclure, Avengers: Infinity War est la claque que l’on attendait avec impatience. Ce fameux film dont on avait peur d’être déçu à l’instar du second opus. Les frères Russo ont réussi le pari de réunir autant de super-héros à l’écran sans que cela ne devienne un bazar indéfinissable. Le film est plus obscur que d’habitude et joue avec les sentiments des spectateurs ce qui peut choquer les plus **** notamment avec un antagoniste avec autant de prestance et de… réussite. Un nouvel essai transformé pour Marvel Studios et Disney qui offrent aux fans un des films de super les plus épiques de ces dernières années pour ne pas dire le meilleur… un chef d’oeuvre !… Expand
Not spectacular, and it feels a little overlong, but Brolin's performance as Thanos is impeccable, as are most of the performances from the cast. The CGI is a little spotty in places, but that's just nitpicking. Very good film.
Отличная солянка со всеми героями фильмов марвел. Очень зрелищные битвы, и их очень много. Снято все хорошо, и часть фильма уделили таносу. Вообще мощный мужик еп. А в сцена после титров интереснаяОтличная солянка со всеми героями фильмов марвел. Очень зрелищные битвы, и их очень много. Снято все хорошо, и часть фильма уделили таносу. Вообще мощный мужик еп. А в сцена после титров интересная
Wow just WOW!!! This has been a wonderful 10 years leading up to jaw dropping climax. I’m a comic book reader and even I couldn’t have guessed that marvel would have done what they did. I can’t wait for the conclusion to a 10 year strongWow just WOW!!! This has been a wonderful 10 years leading up to jaw dropping climax. I’m a comic book reader and even I couldn’t have guessed that marvel would have done what they did. I can’t wait for the conclusion to a 10 year strong series.… Expand
As said by the great Stan Lee- Enough SaidAll the other reviews have worded it perfectly, but I cant tell you if its good or not, you yourself must go and watch it to believe
Movie was so much fun Great CGI, I forgot for a while that Thanos was CGI And they fight during the day for a change Ending was awesome dont listen to some critics they gave Force Awaken great reviews
I was going into Infinity War with high expectations, every commercial and trailer marketed this movie as the 'end game', Dr Strange even said it himself, and this movie delivered big time. Although my expectations were high for this movie, Infinity War beat those expectations by miles. The whole movie was one crazy scene after another, so much action, a little comedy, and in the end, sadness.Avengers: Infinity War showed all of Marvel's heroes true colours and handled them all together so well. All the chaotic and calm scenes were so great and none felt useless or out of place. People complained about the movies long 2 & 1/2 hour runtime, but in my case, that wasn't enough. I could've watched Infinity War for hours because I know it would've been handled just as well. Avengers: Infinity War is an absolute cinematic masterpiece, which should go down in history, bloody hell, teach it in media and drama classes in schools (might be a little more interesting than Shakespeare). It was one of the best, if not THE BEST, superhero movie of all time.… Expand
The perfect villain. He has no idea that what he is doing is bad, which makes him an interesting character to look into. Otherwise, the crossover in this movie is done so well. It would be great if this is how it ended.
Underrated film ever! One of the best superhero films ever made! Loved the scene when The Avengers and the Guardians of the Galaxy meet for the 1st time! Very emotional scene was when the mourning the loss of several characters (Loki, Heimdall, Gamora, Vision, Black Panther, Falcon, Winter Soldier, Scarlet Witch, Drax, Groot, Mantis, Star Lord, Spider-Man, Doctor Strange, Nick Fury, Maria Hill)… Expand
One of the best movies ive ever seen. Such a good work done, balancing the characters, stories, and the action.
Absolutely brilliant. Ten years in the making and worth the wait in my opinion. Just wow. Most of the MCU turns up (including a few suprises) and were as excellent and entertaining as we’ve come to expect. The plot is great, Thanos is just anAbsolutely brilliant. Ten years in the making and worth the wait in my opinion. Just wow. Most of the MCU turns up (including a few suprises) and were as excellent and entertaining as we’ve come to expect. The plot is great, Thanos is just an absolute beast and if you’ve read the original Infinity Gauntlet or the more recent “Infinity” crossover, for example, then you won’t be disappointed here. I honestly loved it. If I didn’t have work tomorrow I would have gone straight back in the theatre and watched it again. 10/10 from me.… Expand
This movie leaves you speechless,or better yet you will leave this movie feeling speechless. Not knowing exactly how you feel, and what just happened. Love the fact that unlike every other superhero film, the heros dont always win. It isThis movie leaves you speechless,or better yet you will leave this movie feeling speechless. Not knowing exactly how you feel, and what just happened. Love the fact that unlike every other superhero film, the heros dont always win. It is boarder-lining to many characters with the minimum time allowed each character has for screen time, but there are a lot of enjoyable moments. Definitely a must see movie.… Expand
Wow this movie truly exceeded my expectations in every way possible. Best villain in a marvel movie to date and in my opinion the best MCU movie ever. Even though there is a long run time I never felt my self bored. There is a lot going onWow this movie truly exceeded my expectations in every way possible. Best villain in a marvel movie to date and in my opinion the best MCU movie ever. Even though there is a long run time I never felt my self bored. There is a lot going on with many different story lines but never felt my self lost. There are also many funny jokes in this movie that always hit the mark. Incredible movie all around the Russo brothers did an amazing job and I can't wait too see what they do with Marvel films going further.… Expand
I've liked all MCU movies so far so going in I had high expectations and it delivered. You could say many of them are underused but unless this was a 6 hour movie that was gonna happen regardless. The Russo brothers made the best version ofI've liked all MCU movies so far so going in I had high expectations and it delivered. You could say many of them are underused but unless this was a 6 hour movie that was gonna happen regardless. The Russo brothers made the best version of this movie that could be made with sooo many characters. Can't wait to see it again.… Expand
Love it and will definitely recommend to friends!! I am glad that Marvel and Disney did such a great job to conclude MCU's first 10 years. The only thing I might complain is another year's wait for Avengers 4!!
Loved it! Thanos was great. I appreciated how they spent some time developing the villain. Without a well developed villain these kinds of movies suffer.
Iron Man, Thor, the Hulk and the rest of the Avengers unite to battle their most powerful enemy yet -- the evil Thanos. On a mission to collect all six Infinity Stones, Thanos plans to use the artifacts to inflict his twisted will on reality.Iron Man, Thor, the Hulk and the rest of the Avengers unite to battle their most powerful enemy yet -- the evil Thanos. On a mission to collect all six Infinity Stones, Thanos plans to use the artifacts to inflict his twisted will on reality. The fate of the planet and existence itself has never been more uncertain as everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment. Avengers: Infinity War ably juggles a dizzying array of MCU heroes in the fight against their gravest threat yet, and the result is a thrilling, emotionally resonant blockbuster that (mostly) realizes its gargantuan ambitions. Final Grade is an A+.… Expand
Após 10 anos de espera, Guerra Infinita chegou. Thanos faz o filme funcionar; mais do que isso: Thanos faz o filme existir. Toda a ideia e motivação do personagem, são bem construídas. Palmas para o roteiro neste quesito. Porém, o mesmoApós 10 anos de espera, Guerra Infinita chegou. Thanos faz o filme funcionar; mais do que isso: Thanos faz o filme existir. Toda a ideia e motivação do personagem, são bem construídas. Palmas para o roteiro neste quesito. Porém, o mesmo roteiro utiliza-se de diversas conveniências para facilitar o caminhar do filme; há muitos diálogos expositivos, e diversas cenas que deveriam ter sido cortadas. Guerra Infinita é um filme engraçado; há muitas piadas aqui. A maioria funciona, e são bem colocadas. Entretanto, diversos momentos dramáticos são desperdiçados por piadas sem sentido e mau colocadas. A sensação de propaganda é enganosa, é altíssima. A promessa de todos os heróis juntos, é quebrada da maneira mais ridícula possível: facilitar o trabalho dos roteiristas, seja por que é difícil colocar todos juntos, ou simplesmente medo de soar parecida com a sua continuação já agendada para maio de 2019. 'Vingadores: Guerra Infinita' acerta no ponto mais fraco da Marvel - ter um ótimo vilão -, mas erra nos pontos mais básicos.… Expand
Although the ending in the movie was sad,ii isn't like the last 2 star wars movies that the good guys always win. This ending was good even though it was sad and unsatisfactory for many people. This movie is better than the last awful star wars movies (episodes 7 and 8).… Expand
best film ever made by Marvel, can transmit so many different emotions that time passed too fast.Everything is great, the characters, the special effects, the history and certainly the main villain, I look forward to the continuation!
(95/100)''Oh my god'' were the only words that I could describe this movie with. Avengers: Infinity War is a game changing spectacle with a lot of great fun action and sad emotional moments. Thankfully, you really feel for Thanos and you(95/100)''Oh my god'' were the only words that I could describe this movie with. Avengers: Infinity War is a game changing spectacle with a lot of great fun action and sad emotional moments. Thankfully, you really feel for Thanos and you kind off understand his point of view. SPOILERS AHEAD DONT READ IF YOU HAVENT WATCHED. Killing this mnany characters on screen in this manner is truly unexpected, I really hope everyone returns because of the Time Stone or something because, wow I'm shocked. Spider-Man's death was truly heartbreaking and Gamora's also. I like that they don't beat Thanos yet and that we need to see another Avengers movie, it isn't as simple as some think. It has some great character development and a really intriguing plot. Avengers Infinity War lives up to the hype and even exceeds its hype. Best movie in the MCU so far.… Expand
Spectacular movie, definitely the best in the MCU.It has so many epic moments, awesome villain, humor at its best etc.You gotta see it!
Infinity War should've been a mess considering all it needed to encompass. However, the Russo brothers, Marvel and Disney somehow pull off a monumental feat in delivering a stellar culmination of the universe they built. It's a movie thatInfinity War should've been a mess considering all it needed to encompass. However, the Russo brothers, Marvel and Disney somehow pull off a monumental feat in delivering a stellar culmination of the universe they built. It's a movie that manages to be more than just the sum of its parts, and exceeded every expectation I had going into it. Is it perfect? No. But a 10/10 doesn't mean "perfect," or that there are no issues. It simply means that the enjoyment it delivers is a close as one can reasonably hope for, and that the flaws aren't significant enough to detract from all the great aspects and fun it brings.The movie never crumbles under its own weight, and it manages to never lose sight of what it wants to be. The genius behind it is the villain, Thanos, is the main character, and the Avengers (and all other MCU characters) are setup as obstacles he must overcome. This is HIS movie, make no mistake. And Brolin's acting and charisma shine through, despite the CGI nature of the character. Speaking of CGI, it's on another level of impressive, as Thanos not only looks real, but actually as if he's occupying the same space as his counterparts. There is actual weight to him, unlike many floaty, unnatural looking CGI characters in other films (like Black Panther). There's no disconnect from reality when Thanos is present, which if done improperly, could've ruined the movie.And despite some reviews whining about their favorite character not getting enough screen time, I found no issues in that area. The character development is based primarily around Thanos, and his character arc is the focus. There are 18 other MCU movies that focused on developing our protagonists, and Infinity War doesn't hold your hand with contrived, meaningless time-wastes, just there to introduce characters for the first time to those who may not have seen any of the prior films. The movie is already 2 hours & 40 minutes, why dumb down the product when the large majority are familiar enough with the characters to fully grasp what they're viewing? All major players get their time to shine, as do many of the minor and less popular ones do. Anyone who feels there's too much going on, or that there's too much to follow clearly were focused on other things instead of watching the movie. The premise is simple - Thanos is traversing the universe gathering the infinity stones which will give him nearly unlimited power, and the Avengers want to stop him. That's it. Every scene in the movie is based around that premise. Whether we're in New York watching Doctor Strange & Iron Man take on one of his minions, off in space with Thor, Rocket & Groot trying to forge a new weapon to stop Thanos, or in Wakanda trying to make a stand against Thanos's army who are attempting to take the Mind Stone from Vision's forehead, it's all about the heroes planning, defending, and attempting to stop Thanos from achieving his goals.Lastly, it'd be a disservice not to mention the emotions, interactions and gravity Infinity War successfully brings to the table. There are laugh out loud moments, thrilling moments, tense moments, sad moments, and moments where you're left in awe. Yes, there's humor (most of it in the first half of the film), but it's not even close to "forced," as some MCU movies have been guilty of. It's fluid, organic and right in line with the characters delivering the laughs. Spider-Man, Drax, Star Lord, Iron-Man, Rocket...those characters SHOULD inject humor from time to time, as that is their nature in the comics. Gamora, Captain America, Doctor Strange, Black Panther, etc. are the more serious ones who anchor their counterparts to reality. It's as it should be, and it's why "forced," is not an adjective that would apply to this film in any way.The ending does end on a bit of a cliffhanger, but more so in the way that you are left wondering "what comes next?" and "how will this affect our heroes going forward?" Make no mistake, there are real consequences, and when Avengers 4 comes out next year, it will not simply do a 180 and go back to status quo (like many internet-experts believe). The only real question is how far will they go with the permanence? If you believe the Russo Brothers, quite further than people want to believe. TL;DR - Fantastic movie. The Star Wars saga of the new generation. Kids growing up in the era of the MCU will look back and remember Iron-Man, Thor, the Hulk, Guardians of the Galaxy, etc. like those from the 70's-90's grew up feeling about Luke, Han, Leia & Vader. It's a celebration of all that has come before it, and a success in what they set out to do 10 years ago. Sadly, we have to wait a year for it to reach its conclusion. 10/10… Expand
Fun is over for the Avengers, (or rather what was left of them after the feud between Captain America and Tony Stark). This double-directed entandre by the Russo brothers (Anthony & Joseph Russo), 'Avengers: Infinity War' throws itself at youFun is over for the Avengers, (or rather what was left of them after the feud between Captain America and Tony Stark). This double-directed entandre by the Russo brothers (Anthony & Joseph Russo), 'Avengers: Infinity War' throws itself at you right from the very first scenes with the same merciless attitude of its antagonist, Thanos (Josh Brolin).Indeed, this film not only that it successfully delivered on its hype, but then some. From start to finish it is filled with decisions containing heavy repercussions, killing off important characters and altering the universe on a scale that ripples through the entire MCU all while looking you straight in the face and saying "deal with it".Yet, for all its glorified and profetic killing done by probably one of the most deep villains the Avengers have ever confronted, the film manages to find a soft spot, although barely, creating relationships and then destroying them with the same old ruthless efficiency. Also, few movies manage to get the villain to wreak so much chaos and still make you feel sad for him. Yes, Thanos, is not the cold-hearted villain that you saw in the trailer, rather his motivation for his crimes weigh heavy on him and he suffers for his actions maybe even worse than everyone else. (I would like to include a scene here, but for the sake of keeping this spoiler-free, I will not - Gamora and the Soul Stone).Despite its dedication to its villain, this film's foundation eventually starts to shake a bit under its plethora of characters. But I will not be to harsh on this, as this is a film which attempts to focus on characters which were built throughout a decade of writing strong personalities for each and every one of them. So, for all its slight looseness and occasional episodic and isolated content spread through four to six sub-plots at a time, it holds up pretty good. An example where the film feels as if starts to panic under the number of characters its when it attempts to include some of them through jokes which, for the first time in a Marvel film, do not land perfectly (like Spider-Man's pop culture references and Groot's growing pains).Overall, when it comes to delivering stellar visuals and giving heart-attack inducing orgasms to every single comic book nerd, 'Avengers: Infinity War' delivers, even though, as expected, it lacks a bit in managing its diverse and gigantic universe.… Expand
Pros:Had some great visual effects, Phanos was great as a villain (Even though he did stuff that was horrible, I could understand why he did it), it was very different from other Marvel movie or movies in general, I also really enjoyed Thor as a character (He was funnier, more tragic and all around better)Neutral:The music worked but it was nothing I really rememberedCons: Some effects were awful (I don't want to spoil but there were 3 completely CGI characters that looked awful, The jokes were pretty bad (Nothing cringy but still bad. There were mostly jokes that I knew were jokes but didn't react to and a few good ones sprinkled in there) But my biggest problem with the movie was that I had to watch every single Marvel movie after Avengers 2 to understand what was happening (especially Thor: Ragnarok). A movie should be able to stand on their own. Yes there can be a few story elements that has to do with another movie, but there were so many things I didn't understand about the movie because I didn't see thorBut all-around it was a pretty good movieA 7 from me… Expand
Everything from this film just perfect, I watched it 2 times and I loved it… Expand
This movie is everything we waited for, it has action thats very well done, we have drama that make us cry and we have the best MCU villain to date, Thanos is powerful, he has emotions and his goal makes sense.
WOW, QUE FILME É ESSE? QUE ISSO JESUS. Thanos está incrível a expressões faciais dele estão impressionantes, esse filme esta de arrepiar
As someone who has serious issues with the first two Avengers films, I hold Avengers: Infinity War to be by far the strongest of the three thus far. It is superior to its predecessors on several fronts, boasting a powerfully developed villainAs someone who has serious issues with the first two Avengers films, I hold Avengers: Infinity War to be by far the strongest of the three thus far. It is superior to its predecessors on several fronts, boasting a powerfully developed villain and a plot with genuinely surprising twists and turns. Unfortunately, it still suffers from some fundamental flaws that shall be discussed later on.Infinity War's story is one that serves as a two-edged sword. On one hand, it is bolstered by the fact that--unlike previous Marvel outings--it is entirely unpredictable. It does a tremendous job at changing expectations as the plot progresses. However, there are several times throughout the movie where characters will make completely illogical decisions that completely violate their principles that they have claimed to stand for throughout the story up to that point, and there is no explanation for why this happens. The characters' stupidity thus is the only thing that causes Thanos to succeed at anything he plans to achieve. It's hard to talk about it without spoiling it, but there are so many unforgivably lazy choices made by the writers of Infinity War. The plot's originality is thus bogged down by these logical flaws.Josh Brolin's performance as Thanos is by far the best thing about Infinity War. He brings the character to life and gives us the most excellent, fully developed villain in a superhero film to date. His motives are clear, he's persuasive and decisive, and above all, he's scary. That being said, everyone else delivers performances that are by no means bad, but just do not stand out at all. The fact that so many characters are present really makes everyone involved come across as though they are just phoning it in, offering half-hearted delivery with half-baked emotion. The script is better than the acting, but once again isn't anything out of the ordinary. It's perfectly serviceable for a superhero film.I was more impressed with Infinity War's visuals than I have been with recent Marvel films. The action sequences in this new Avengers installment feel very original for the most part and set a new standard for the franchise.In the end, Avengers: Infinity War is a good start to the long list of summer films ahead. It feels like the fresh blood that Marvel has been needing for the past few years. If you can get past the frustratingly inconsistent and lazily-written plot points and just enjoy Josh Brolin stealing the show as Thanos as well as the pleasantly unconventional ending, this will be a great viewing experience.Story: 5.5Acting: 7.5Script: 6.5Visuals/Sound: 10Entertainment Value: 7OVERALL SCORE: 7.3/10… Expand
lol this movie is a big mess, but I really enjoyed it, thus the ending is pretty shocking and hopefully, the second part is more organized and gives more time to explain things the right way instead of rushing through the action scenes
I check box to spoilers because I will talk the end the of the movie and  It is awesome if you see different movie end where alls or almost superhero's movies the goods guys beat to bad guys, in this case showed other end. Other thing was the behavior of Thanos that showed somebody that want do good things for the universe. I was thinking in disappointed movie but not.… Expand
Going into this movie after 10 years and 18 movies I expected big things. It all was worth it in the end. All the story arc's, even though there were so many happening at once, was juggled well and worked out across the entire movie. ThereGoing into this movie after 10 years and 18 movies I expected big things. It all was worth it in the end. All the story arc's, even though there were so many happening at once, was juggled well and worked out across the entire movie. There was no dedicated character saving the day as per, everyone has their part to play in the story. The character development was superb. The action setpieces just how much money went into the scenes. Character chemistry works superbly throughout using their own personality to work with one another. The villain was amazing, the first time in the entirety of all movies, the villain actually was amazing. The scripting was superb and a lot of gasp moments and the directing to tip it all off was excellent. I do not know, for the first time, where Marvel is going to take the series from here.… Expand
100% recommendable, very good CGI, very good story, go see her at the cinema, I loved this movie
Let me get this point across first: Infinity War was amazing! I loved how it “perfectly balanced” humor with serious parts and with action scenes. This film definitely lived up to my expectations and was worth the wait. I only have two gripesLet me get this point across first: Infinity War was amazing! I loved how it “perfectly balanced” humor with serious parts and with action scenes. This film definitely lived up to my expectations and was worth the wait. I only have two gripes against the latest from MARVEL. My first: Throughout the whole film, the Hulk was so annoying (I won’t tell you why because then I’ll have to check the “hide review” box). In addition to this, I felt the Movie could have been over so much faster if the characters had not done what they did at some point in the movie. That being said, Infinity War felt neither too long nor too short and this might be one of my favorites from MARVEL yet (second to Captain America: Civil War). Thanks for reading and Thor Rules!!… Expand
Far from perfect, but what movie is? I didn't think that Disney had it in them to pull this off, but they did. Break neck action from the opening minute, and throughout the entire movie. The preferred method to watch this is definitely inFar from perfect, but what movie is? I didn't think that Disney had it in them to pull this off, but they did. Break neck action from the opening minute, and throughout the entire movie. The preferred method to watch this is definitely in regular IMAX. IMAX 3D is not required. The movie will invoke pretty much every emotion along the way, and that's a good thing. Hats off to the Russo bros and I can't wait for Avengers 4.… Expand
De tirar o folego, cada cena de ação parece um splash page de uma hq, é um cuidado com cada herói, mesmo que com pouco tempo de tela cada herói foi bem desenvolvido no filme, levanto em conta também os filmes que preparam para esse, pois oDe tirar o folego, cada cena de ação parece um splash page de uma hq, é um cuidado com cada herói, mesmo que com pouco tempo de tela cada herói foi bem desenvolvido no filme, levanto em conta também os filmes que preparam para esse, pois o mcu é mais uma serie de filmes do que filmes por si só, então avaliar guerra infinita por ele mesmo é igual pegar e avaliar um episódio qualquer de um série sem levar em conta os episódios anteriores, o final é chocante, porém não causa o efeito que é pra causar pois todos sabemos que ainda temos um vingadores 4 por vir e mais dois filmes entre eles, é a unica parte do filme em que transmite a sensação de "ah ok" enquanto todo o resto é uma montanha russa de emoções, o Thanos que é um personagem inteiramente feito em computação gráfica é muito bem feito, tem horas que você até esquece esse detalhe, todos os efeitos visuais do filme estão maravilhosos, e ainda temos o fato de que a historia é boa, então é uma ótima adaptação de uma hq para o cinema… Expand
If you fan of the superhero action fantasy movies, you also like this film.Well, I never been comic action hero fan, and also I never been a fan of marvel's film universe. In the past I like some animation DC and Marvel cartoons. DespiteIf you fan of the superhero action fantasy movies, you also like this film.Well, I never been comic action hero fan, and also I never been a fan of marvel's film universe. In the past I like some animation DC and Marvel cartoons. Despite this rarely have some comic adaptation, which I love it, like the V, for Vendetta, or Sin City, or Watchman. Marvel's universe really far from this, but honestly marvel's have a certain style, which is enjoyable but in my opinion a little mediocrit. However, Marvel's have some EPIC films, like the best marvel film, the LOGAN, or Winter Soldier and Civil War which is really good.Honestly I want to see this film, I don't know why, maybe the hypetrain hit me a bit of.... but I total disappointing after the film. In point of fact, the film is like many other marvel films, a sci-fi/fantasy with superheroes and funny feeling. And in this film, have a very good antagonist.Bit firsty, technically things total ruined caused by the 30 main charater. The film rushed the scenes, without transitional sceens. Over and above the forced jokes total ruins the drama factor, without the jokes it is maybe works more and more better, I thought. Some main heroes barely can we see, like Steve Rogers, he has 10-15 words in the whole film. But talk about the antagonist, who is the best character of this marvel universe. He has a good motivation, a - little messy, but - good character development, so he is an interesting character. Nevertheless, he has a interesting but total messy plan, and ideology. Clearly THANOS PLAN IS A **** I do not a pacifist, so if he's mayhem works do it, but it isn't.... definitely it is an exact problem, but if anybody have some expertise about History or Geography he knows that this plan isn't works. The Overpopulation and starvation doesent solved if we cut half the population, it is delayed the problems but doesent solved.… Expand
Avengers Infinity War is a massive film, from the cast, the massive villain(literally), down to the massive amount of subplots that glue together to make a very enjoyable film. While it isnt the greatest film in the MCU, it is definitely aAvengers Infinity War is a massive film, from the cast, the massive villain(literally), down to the massive amount of subplots that glue together to make a very enjoyable film. While it isnt the greatest film in the MCU, it is definitely a must see film. So TLDR: Watch it.POSITIVESLets start with the positives. The characters. The characters in Avengers carry this film. The film makers paired up the characters with the perfect counterparts. This way, we get to see very entertaining character’s charm and charisma bouncing off of each other. I loved seeing the banter between Dr Strange and Tony Stark, or Star Lord and Thor ETC. When the comedy lands in this film, it lands hard. However, when it misses, it can be very cringey.Another positive in this film is how well the Russo Brothers were able to seamlessly shift tones depending on what characters were on screen. Normally, a film that jumps around from light hearted to dark so much can feel like its off balance. But the way that it was handled in Infinity War was nearly perfect. I cant think of a time where I thought to myself that the tone shift felt off putting. So good job to the Russo brothers on that.If you’ve seen any of the trailers, then you know that this film is going to be littered with action. Literally, a very very very large portion of this film is literally action sequences. And it delivers(most of the time). But this can be problem which I will elaborate on later in this review.And lastly, Thanos. Talk about a villain done well. Whatever you think you know about Thanos from the trailers, throw it out of the window. My biggest fear with Thanos is that he was going to be the big generic strong bad guy who is coming to earth to wage war and kill people(the usual). However, this was NOT the case. Thanos is actually a very complex character. As a matter of fact, this film sometimes feels more like a Thanos film than an Avengers film. They put so much time into developing his character and reasoning’s for his actions. And at some points, you can actually get where he is coming from. Such a great surprise from this film. To have such a huge cast and still be able to give this much depth to your villain is amazing and the Russo brothers should be commended for it.NEGATIVESSo you’ve heard me gush over the amazing positives of this film. Now lets get on to the negatives. First and foremost, the comedy. While the comedy is hilarious when the jokes land, its a completely different story when the fall flat. There were many times where I found myself rolling my eyes at some of the jokes ex(Star lords deep voice etc).Another negative is the pacing of the film. Its no secret that this film has a ridiculously large cast. To compensate, the Russo brothers split the characters into groups on specific missions with the end goal being to defeat Thanos. Now this is a very smart way to handle such a massive ensemble cast. However, the way to it is executed makes the film move at a snails pace. Each subplot felt like a different films taking place at the same time. Having to constantly jump away from one plot to another just makes the story as a whole feel so slow. The film was 2 ½ hours yet I felt like I came out of a 3 hour film.Remember how I said that too much action could be a problem. Here’s how. Due to the many subplots going on at once and the film moving slow, the Russo brothers attempted to compensate for this by placing in tons of action sequences between these subplots to distract from the slow pace. While it definitely was a delight to watch, it just made the pacing feel even worse. Because not only do you have to watch the story progress at such a slow rate, you have these drawn out action sequences(that are really good btw) going on that make the story progress even slower. Now this issue will either make or break the film for some people. Some people will be in awe by the action and by too smitten by the amazing charisma of the films stellar cast, while others will be waiting for the story to progress for what feels like an eternity. For me, it just made it less enjoyable.SUMMARYIn summary, Avengers Infinity War is a very ambitious film that has an amazing charismatic cast, a brilliant villain, and amazing action sequences. However, it is not without its short comings with some pacing issues and a little bit of cringe worthy comedy.7/10… Expand
ывапролывампиртоывсамитьвапитукве5ыукн5кынкрнк5ыц54нккрн5ркееуеукпекнкнгы4к
O que impressiona em Vingadores - Guerra infinita é a capacidade de unir vários heróis e vilões de uma forma a dar um tempo bom a todos. Além disso,piadas são feitas no timing perfeito e as cenas de ação são pensadas de forma incrivelmenteO que impressiona em Vingadores - Guerra infinita é a capacidade de unir vários heróis e vilões de uma forma a dar um tempo bom a todos. Além disso,piadas são feitas no timing perfeito e as cenas de ação são pensadas de forma incrivelmente boa.De tirar o fôlego do início ao fim!… Expand
In my opinion, the movie lived up to the expectations of marvel fans. Before the release, everyone believed one superhero was going to die permanently and eveyone was ready for a whole lot of grief, but killing this much avengers charachtersIn my opinion, the movie lived up to the expectations of marvel fans. Before the release, everyone believed one superhero was going to die permanently and eveyone was ready for a whole lot of grief, but killing this much avengers charachters didn't make the viewer sad, but instead it made us believe that they will definitely get resurrected in the sequel. This may be a bit of a loss for marvel, but whose to say everyone get resurrected......… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War lives up to the hype of the 10 year build up, Thanos is a great villain, great action, and a fantastic ending
Excelente it's an excellent movie that always has you on the edge of the chair and leaves you with a bigger expectation of what will come in Avengers 4, I loved it
The best of MCUPerfectly balanced as all things should be.Pros :-
Thanos - one of the best villains.
Action sequences
The caste
The structure- It shifts through different transistions and places and no moment is dull.
CharacterThe best of MCUPerfectly balanced as all things should be.Pros :-Thanos - one of the best villains.Action sequencesThe casteThe structure- It shifts through different transistions and places and no moment is dull.Character interactionsHeroic and WOW momentsThe most Emotional, personal and thrilling Superhero movieBrilliant endingCons :-The children of Thanos- Proxima Midnight was great, Ebony Maw was good but Corvus Glaive and that monster guy felt hollow.… Expand
By far the best Marvel film to date. The Russo Brothers do a great job of giving each character their moment (and making each new character interaction memorable), while also giving us the best Marvel villain (and arguably the best comic bookBy far the best Marvel film to date. The Russo Brothers do a great job of giving each character their moment (and making each new character interaction memorable), while also giving us the best Marvel villain (and arguably the best comic book movie villain) of all-time. Thanos is both incredibly powerful and is given motivations that makes him unique compared to most other big bads. While the ending does make this feel like a Part 1 out of 2 film, I think the ending is what ultimately makes this film work. No matter what happens in Avengers 4, the ending to Infinity War is going to be remembered for a long time.… Expand
AMAZING movie brilliantly brings together everything leading up to it. doesn't do what DC's justice league messed up on and keeps building up the story on developing characters. I nearly cried at a few points and left the cinema NEEDING more.AMAZING movie brilliantly brings together everything leading up to it. doesn't do what DC's justice league messed up on and keeps building up the story on developing characters. I nearly cried at a few points and left the cinema NEEDING more. Great movie.… Expand
Visuals: 9Story: 9.5Plot twists: 10Villain: 9.5Emotional moments: 10Epic battles: 9,5Characters: 9,5Jokes: 9Seriousness: 9,5
First of all stay away from spoilers they may break the movie for you. But this movie is a masterpiece. It beat so many of my expectations even though they may have lied to us about it not being part 1 of 2 when it clearly was it doesn't evenFirst of all stay away from spoilers they may break the movie for you. But this movie is a masterpiece. It beat so many of my expectations even though they may have lied to us about it not being part 1 of 2 when it clearly was it doesn't even matter. Thanos is an unstoppable god and fixed marvels villain problem. They well balanced all heroes and you just have to see this movie you can't not see it in theaters this movie will be an event remembered for years.… Expand
Amazing ending, had all the good characters and thanos was epic an true masterpiece
This film is wonderful, until then the best of Marvel Studios, unfortunately due to the large number of characters, many heroes have failed to shine in this film, but at least Josh Brolin in the role of Thanos is incredible and the endThis film is wonderful, until then the best of Marvel Studios, unfortunately due to the large number of characters, many heroes have failed to shine in this film, but at least Josh Brolin in the role of Thanos is incredible and the end shocking. Congratulations Russo brothers for one of the best films of recent years.… Expand
*************** Fair not a MCU fan review without spoilers **************AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR definitely an incomplete movie, it feels like an episode of a serie. Unlike the other Avengers movies which i think they were much more enjoying,*************** Fair not a MCU fan review without spoilers **************AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR definitely an incomplete movie, it feels like an episode of a serie. Unlike the other Avengers movies which i think they were much more enjoying, AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR lack of bond you with a story and instead wants audience focus on CGI effects. Drirector picks a risky way by spliting movie characters to few groups and swaping scene to scene between them. Movie feels like "trying to tell something but playing it fast forward".... AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR scene swaps much  more than a usual movie, i know that is a must since lots of characters inside a movie but spliting characters to small teams was a completely "bad idea" from the start. Lack of story teling and lots of screen swaps makes movie much like a longer trailer for AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR 2. I think director wanted to leave everything to part 2i expected more from AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR. Still a good movie but could be better...… Expand
the movie was great and so were the effects the only problem i had was the end when you get there you'll know what i mean but that after credits were funny
Infinitely entertaining. Fun, shocking, and wonderful. A Marvelous masterpiece.
this movie is the culmination of a 10-year project in such a masterful way, something that was never seen before, even if you are not a fan of the genre of the super heroes it is impossible not to give it a chance, simply wonderful, reallythis movie is the culmination of a 10-year project in such a masterful way, something that was never seen before, even if you are not a fan of the genre of the super heroes it is impossible not to give it a chance, simply wonderful, really fantastic movie… Expand
They killed Spider-Man after one movie. That took balls. 10/10, would see it again.… Expand
A fantastic, great, wonderful movie. The directors have made a great job, handling so many characters in a movie with a little bit more than 140 mins.
The film is not only about heroes, it goes much further, demonstrating how an opposing ideology can gain strength with the right tools. Many viewers did not identify with the film because it did not deliver the standards that the culturalThe film is not only about heroes, it goes much further, demonstrating how an opposing ideology can gain strength with the right tools. Many viewers did not identify with the film because it did not deliver the standards that the cultural industry forces us to swallow, and on the contrary, it deals with a fantastic issue but closer to reality where being a hero has its price. The plot also unifies all the wonderful 10 years of production of the MCU universe with greatness excellence, creating very well worked arcs and significant for the history. Thanos, the supposed "villain" who in my view is not one, has a great presence in the film, which leads the public to not only see him as a devastating being who wants to dominate the world, but rather leads us to know what his purposes and what led him to do such acts. Like all Marvel films, the film has comic reliefs, but they have been properly used since as the plot progresses and as they get closer and closer to the apex of the film the jokes become controlled and ruled. I could talk about many other reasons that make the movie excellent, it breaks standards, has an acting show, impeccable soundtrack, a very elaborate script (talks, ideas, character junction and etc), a CGI so perfect that makes you forget that it is just motion capture, and other other factors that make the film rich and full of small details that provide an experience never seen in this universe. A chilling, frustrating, sad, anguished, and loving experience to see how difficult it is for our heroes to have to face something so powerful and what it can cost them. Congratulations on the film Anthony Russo and Joe Russo and the entire production team for working with excellence. "The hardest choices require the strongest wills - Thanos."… Expand
Entregou tudo o que tinha proposto. Não reinventou a roda, mas fez o que foi prometido um filme envolvente com belas lutas e efeitos gráficos, bom entretenimento!
My friend in Belgium saw the version with Silver Surfer in it. He appears after the last credit sequence. Don't be surprised if this footage gets leaked.
This is a great movie and the scores confirm it: The "superhero fatigue" is not coming anytime soon.
action, action and a hell lot of fun! best movie in ages. at least at the same level as ragnarok! marvel is getting better and better.
Great movie. As someone whose been there since the beginning of the MCU. This provides a satisfying end to many character arcs such as Gamoras. It also brought back some old favourites such as red skull and the collector. Really enjoyed the post credits scene, with Samuel L Jackson's cameo as nick fury and even a tease for 2019's captain marvel.… Expand
ES LA MEJOR PELÍCULA DE MARVEL LO MEJOR GRACIAS MARVEL TODO ESTA BIEN ECHO DESDE LA ACCIÓN RISAS Y PARTES TRISTES ES LO MEJOR… Expand
I will preface this by stating that I am normally not a fan of Marvel movies. They often contain nonchalant humor at inappropriate times along with redundant plots that have no imagination behind them. That being said, I really enjoyedI will preface this by stating that I am normally not a fan of Marvel movies. They often contain nonchalant humor at inappropriate times along with redundant plots that have no imagination behind them. That being said, I really enjoyed Infinity War. I wasn't ever a reader of comic books, so I won't judge this movie for its portrayal of the comic stories. As a movie it had an interesting plot that separated itself from other Marvel movies. The fact that the infinity stones are the central focus of the movie create the Lord of the Rings/Harry Potter effect where its not simply a battle between good and evil, but rather a race to obtain or prevent consolidated power. While it seems nearly every Marvel movie revolves around saving the universe from a dire threat, the feeling is real in infinity war, as you are given an idea of the power of the stones early on. Throughout the film there were good twists, emotional moments, and some actually well timed humor that all cumulated in an epic ending that set up a sequel film perfectly. Josh Brolin as Thanos made the movie. He is easily the best Marvel villain in any of the movies. Not only was Josh Brolin's acting outstanding, but the writers made him a complex character. Rather than portraying him as a holistically evil being set out to kill everyone, they explained the reasoning behind his beliefs and even made him an emotionally conscious character. As far as the other actors, Tom Holland is outstanding as Spider-Man, and the rest of the Avengers are essentially the usual performances.My problems with the movie mainly focus around my usual complaints with Marvel movies, although to a lesser degree in this one. While not riddled with out-of-place, nonchalant humor, there was some that made my eyes roll during the middle of intense action scenes. The beginning, while action-packed, was a little sloppy in terms of getting all of the characters involved (obviously this is a huge crossover movie though, so I wasn't that surprised). My biggest problem with this movie was the fact that there were some scenes that seemed unnecessary (an obvious example is within Thor's story arc), and either dragged the film out longer than needed, or stole screen time from other scenes that could've been more improving.Overall, it was very well done and very enjoyable, and I would highly recommend this movie to everyone!… Expand
The culmination of 10 years that we’ve all been waiting for did not disappoint. This movie is filled with ok enty of action, and of course marvels signature humor. To see how the well developed characters interacted with each other wasThe culmination of 10 years that we’ve all been waiting for did not disappoint. This movie is filled with ok enty of action, and of course marvels signature humor. To see how the well developed characters interacted with each other was amazing and done to perfection.… Expand
Script-wise, the plot is rather loose with a moderate amount of tension.  Besides the first encounter with Thanos on the Asgardian spacecraft, the conflicts are not strong nor captivating. Visually, the CG are good.  Standard Marvel level, which makes this a good popcorn movie.Acting-wise, not everything is trying to act here so you do not see in-depth acting chops except some occasional cheesy one-liners.All in all, is it a good Marvel popcorn movie? Yes, for sure.  Is it a good and fun movie? Not really.… Expand
oi oi it's a good movie n stuff so u should watch it because i said so and ill slap ya if u dont. :)
it is just awesome, best superheroe movie ever, the characters are all awesome and thanos is the best
Una pelicula fantastico que tardo 10 años para construirse. Gracias MARVEL por hacernos divertir.
Waaaay too long and too many plots.  Cut out 1/3 of the avengers and it would be a T E N!
Incredibly overrrated, and horrid cinematography.  The fight scenes were too shaky to understand what was going on and there were just too many characters.  It seems like the only point of this movie was to follow it up with a sequel thatIncredibly overrrated, and horrid cinematography.  The fight scenes were too shaky to understand what was going on and there were just too many characters.  It seems like the only point of this movie was to follow it up with a sequel that undoes everything this movie did.  An above average marvel movie, but still an average movie.… Expand
**** you Marvel comics and producers. I didn't spend hundreds of dollars and years of my life to see some ****ing **** win control of the universe. Being a Soldier seeing the bad guy win really pisses me off. **** you. I am going to destroy every marvel movie I own and will never buy another.… Expand
this movie gave me depressionThis movie is greatthanos is a great villainthe characters are awesomethe action scenes are good9/10 would watch again.
It has its moments when the characters can take a beat to be themselves, but the majority of the film is action sequences, which are flashy, but about as strategically interesting as watching a child bash action figures together. AnythingIt has its moments when the characters can take a beat to be themselves, but the majority of the film is action sequences, which are flashy, but about as strategically interesting as watching a child bash action figures together. Anything that might actually defeat the Big Bad is swept under the rug in favour of endless futile smashing. It quickly becomes frustrating and tiresome from characters (and writers) who we KNOW from previous films can do better.… Expand
This movie is excellent.  The way the Russo Bros. balance that many storylines, take this many characters and still pack such an emotional payoff is just brilliant. Right up there with Iron man 1, Avengers 1 and the Dark Knight for me!
"Avengers: Infinity War" displays it's spectacular storyline with stunning visual effects and heartwarming characters. It truly is the greatest MCU film of all time.
I'll start with the fact that in General the film is not bad. Cool Action, good acting and funny humor, but in this film there are two unforgivable minuses.1) the Absence of logic in actions Thanos and Dr. Strange. Start with Thanos. TheI'll start with the fact that in General the film is not bad. Cool Action, good acting and funny humor, but in this film there are two unforgivable minuses.1) the Absence of logic in actions Thanos and Dr. Strange. Start with Thanos. The writers made him look like an idiot. In the battle with the guardians of the galaxy and the stark he forgot all about the abilities of their stones. Instead of using the reality Stone to break Them up into little pieces, he's doing some ****2) Why Doctor strange didn't cut off the hand of Thanos his portal. He saw fourteen million six hundred twenty-five options future? and you didn't see the option of cutting off your arm? Is it serious?In short, Thanos And Strange in this movie leaked.… Expand
This Movie was everything I expected it to be. It has some Comedy scenes, which I love and the movie takes on a serious theme than the other Marvel Movies. Just a great movie in general
This could've been the best MCU movie to date.Unfortunately, while I love the Black Panther character, Shuri's words in Avengers: Infinity War only confirm that Marvel has committed to teaching us all the virtues and moral superiority ofThis could've been the best MCU movie to date.Unfortunately, while I love the Black Panther character, Shuri's words in Avengers: Infinity War only confirm that Marvel has committed to teaching us all the virtues and moral superiority of Identity Politics.It's a disgusting message that will never lead to the equal opportunity I believe we're capable of.… Expand
To be sure, those craving an indulgence of the senses will not be disappointed. This film is nothing if not action-packed and visually stunning—and there are nearly 3 hours of it! I do not envy the screenwriters' and directors' task of cramming nearly all known MCU characters into 1 movie and trying to work out their character arcs, abilities and personalities into a conceivable conglomeration of backstory motivations and plot pushers.Still, I came away from this film feeling strangely dissatisfied. Long after the dust settled and I had time to sort through my initial shock, that wrinkle-your-nose, furl-your-eyebrow kind of feeling surfaced any time the film was mentioned. Absolutely I was not okay with the outcomes of some of my favorite MCU characters—but a good film is a film that moves you, outrage included. IW is a reasonably dark film with little to no redemption—but even that is fine by me as long as it's a film that sweeps me along with it, that parallels a part of my humanity, too. Those weren't my beef with this movie.No, what I found supremely lacking was, unfortunately, the most central part of this film: the development of Thanos' character. Nothing about the purple titan was compelling—the inanity of his universal genocide, the illogicality of his fighting methods, the randomness of his brutality. Very little about him resonated with anything I know to be true of human (or titan) behavior. It seems the filmmakers sacrificed consistency for showmanship. Rather than having his behavior stem from something conceivable within his psyche, they approached it the other way round, using the means to justify the ends. Their end game was to create a villain unbelievably powerful and idealogically-fueled—an opponent hitherto unmet by our MCU heroes—but, in so doing, they invariably released a monster of their own creation. Nothing they could contrive would satisfy all the physical and metaphysical laws now broken and exploited by MCU superheroes. Their solution was to patch Thanos up with a thin backstory and handle all of his encounters with superpower-imbued opponents circumstantially.To their credit, the filmmakers did attempt to give Thanos some depth, but the results were doubtful at best. Take his relationship with Gamora, for instance. In order to give the Soul Stone scene some emotional juice, precious screentime had to be devoted to flashbacks between Thanos and young Gamora. Unfortunately, probably owing to the fact that Thanos was portrayed as a cold, heartless tyrant in previous films, their relationship seems utterly surface—and the scene that should have borne much pathos becomes cringeworthy and offputting. They tried to flesh out Thanos' complex psychology, but, in the end, we're left with a confusing amalgamation of benevolence, madness, warmongering, pacifism, mania, fanaticism—and no good reason for any one of those things.Throw a thinly-conceived, thickly-plot-armored villain into a mix of powerful superheroes and you get a series of incredulous battle scenes, each more aback-taking than the last, and each serving a clearer and clearer purpose: to advance the shallow plot and build up Thanos as the baddest guy ever. It's like watching your Superbowl favorite get shutout by a European rugby team—at their own game. Practically unbelievable.The film wasn't a failure, of course. But as the consummation (part 1) of a decade of MCU buildup, it was a letdown. Most MCU films (barring the last two or three, perhaps) have done an exceptional job with character development. I was expecting much more from this "magnum opus."Here's to a much better part 2.… Expand
Good fun in spite of the myriad of problems you would expect in a movie of this magnitude - namely plot holes galore, clunky dialogue, and a relentless exhausting pace. It ultimately doesn't satisfy that itch for dramatic heft, and it doesn'tGood fun in spite of the myriad of problems you would expect in a movie of this magnitude - namely plot holes galore, clunky dialogue, and a relentless exhausting pace. It ultimately doesn't satisfy that itch for dramatic heft, and it doesn't tickle the imagination in any wondrous way, but in spite of that you can't help but smile ear to ear throughout.… Expand
Can we just take a second to appreciate the sheer scale of this movie? Infinity War wastes no time getting started as the opening moments show Thanos having already begun his assault on the MCU. I wonder if this was actually the best move. ICan we just take a second to appreciate the sheer scale of this movie? Infinity War wastes no time getting started as the opening moments show Thanos having already begun his assault on the MCU. I wonder if this was actually the best move. I love how the movie goes nonstop, but the way the initial slaughter is handled cheapens the death of some of the MCU's more memorable side-characters. These moments are meant to establish Thanos as the baddest dude in the galaxy right off the bat, but we already knew that going into the movie. A brief bit of buildup would have gone a long way as the beginning of the film just feels like shock value.Things get better from there though. I love how Marvel brought together all these moving pieces from their catalog of films without sacrificing the unique feeling each of them has in their own standalone entries. Almost every hero they have made it into the movie. They're not all onscreen at once. Instead Infinity War splits them up in several different teams of cross-overs that effectively make the fight feel so incredibly large. It really sells the desperation inherent to the conflict at hand when everybody is going to such great lengths of finding their own ways to combat Thanos from so many different angles. You get a pretty nice picture of just how big the MCU currently is.The action is phenomenal. The battles are huge and intense. Even the henchmen of Thanos provide a nice challenge for these veteran superheroes. As cool as it is to see the big bad's help prove to be a threat as well, it's a little disappointing that they are involved in so much of what's going on. With Thanos off collecting the last of the infinity stones, these guys (and gal) are who The Avengers spend most of their time fighting. These are some knock down, drag out fights that are cool to watch, but these are also some lame side-villains. They're so faceless that the movie itself only bothers to tell us one of their names.As for Thanos himself the big question is whether or not he fixes Marvel's villain problem. The answer is only partially. For the first time in the MCU we are given a villain that proves to be a real danger to these characters. There are actual stakes this time around and we know that some of these heroes might never come back. This imbues the movie with a sense of tension no superhero film has ever had before. Infinity War tries to make Thanos deeper than any of the foes before him as well. That's where the disappointment sets in. The scenes where they try to show him as a more conflicted villain with an emotional center fall flat as this is the first time we've ever really spent time with him. His socioeconomic motives are interesting, but we still aren't able to feel his motivations on a personal level. So really what makes him so memorable isn't what's going on in his head or heart. It's literally just that he's a powerhouse who spills the blood of those we've come to care about. In the end is he one of the better Marvel villains? Most definitely. The best? Not at all.That long teased Infinity War has finally begun and is remarkable due to how huge it is. This might just be the most ambitious thing to ever hit the big-screen in terms of scope. The way it juggles all these different characters and places them all onscreen in one film while keeping their distinctive qualities intact is it's greatest achievement. The characters we love have finally come face to face with an antagonist that can and does do some real damage to their lives and universe. While Thanos is ultimately kind of bland it's nice to know that he can at least shake things up in surprising ways that keep us on our toes and have us dying to know what is coming next for the MCU. The ending is the most bold thing Marvel has done with their cinematic universe thus far. It's only slightly cheapened by the fact that we know things will likely be reversed in the way we expect, but until then things are looking pretty bleak for the world's mightiest heroes. This is a must watch for anyone who has ever followed the stories up to this point. There are just some issues that have kept it from reaching it's fullest potential.… Expand
Big, flashy and bombastic. Highly entertaining and the most amazing badguy, with whom you can completely empathise .  His whole reason for being, his thought processes, his very existence distilled down into a believable, driven character.Big, flashy and bombastic. Highly entertaining and the most amazing badguy, with whom you can completely empathise .  His whole reason for being, his thought processes, his very existence distilled down into a believable, driven character. You could see his side of the argument, and of course, you could see why our heroes had to fight against him. Wonderful special effects, a compelling story, and a fiendishly dark ending. Some people may not understand the ending or just take it for what it was. But one thing you should note...this was part 1 of a 2 film arc.… Expand
Without doubt the best superhero movie I've ever seen. The film is long but seems to race by. There's never a dull moment with numerous set pieces, gags and thrilling battles. It honestly never lets up. So many superheroes and locations areWithout doubt the best superhero movie I've ever seen. The film is long but seems to race by. There's never a dull moment with numerous set pieces, gags and thrilling battles. It honestly never lets up. So many superheroes and locations are in this movie it's like a greatest hits. One mark down for the downbeat ending.… Expand
Awesome movie. Entertaining, emotional, and exciting. Definitely the best Avengers film and one of the best in the MCU.
As a big Marvel fan this is disappointing, not nearly as funny as it should be and story is stupid.
There is so much wrong with this movie. If you understand that it was just a popcorn flick for teenagers, then that's cool because that is all it is.I honestly don't know where to start.
Thanos was ok, i like Brolin. It was quite clever toThere is so much wrong with this movie. If you understand that it was just a popcorn flick for teenagers, then that's cool because that is all it is.I honestly don't know where to start.Thanos was ok, i like Brolin. It was quite clever to cast him as a hybrid vader/joker but with a larger chin. There are no deep psychological aspects to take from him, it's a movie for teens, not a psychological thriller. Maybe he was mirroring the thoughts of our own human masters... whoooohooo.The cinematography or whatever it is called now in the fight scenes was abysmal, the fights didn't matter, no-one cared. If you could see what was happening.The cheese was overwhelming, i'm glad the cheesiest of the cheese is a spoiler so i don't have to write about it but it was cheese. Stringy contagious cheese. Cheese ruins who you care about, who lives or dies ect and it was plentiful.Lazy writing, my pet hate. Someone threw a big box of marvel plushies onto the screen and expected it to be more than 'giving the kids what they want', what a mess.The best bit about lazy writing is that the sequel is now so open ended that it could just be all a dream or maybe some contrived space/time (make it up as you go along) rubbish.The plot had no substance or intrinsic nature, there was something about a magic glove.It doesn't matter though kids and neckbeards. your favourite characters are in it and because it's made by 'you know who', ther'll be toys and franchising aplenty,… Expand
The film is an enjoyable ride but . . . you know that the ending isn't going to stick. Since it is part 1 of 2, you know Thanos is going to win. If he didn't there wouldn't be a second film. Marvel doesn't even pretend any deaths haveThe film is an enjoyable ride but . . . you know that the ending isn't going to stick. Since it is part 1 of 2, you know Thanos is going to win. If he didn't there wouldn't be a second film. Marvel doesn't even pretend any deaths have consequences though. People that have "died" in part 1 are in trailers for subsequent films (cough Spiderman). So meh. It isn't some great magnum opus like reviewers want to make you think. It is a mismash of action pieces against CG villains and over the top acting just like all other Marvel films.… Expand
Wow.  Not much else to say.  A perfect tie-in of much of the Marvel Cinematic Universe with a villain that is truly a force to be reckoned with.  Heroic moments, tear-jerkers, awesome action and special effects, funny moments, this movie hasWow.  Not much else to say.  A perfect tie-in of much of the Marvel Cinematic Universe with a villain that is truly a force to be reckoned with.  Heroic moments, tear-jerkers, awesome action and special effects, funny moments, this movie has it all.WARNING: Look up which Marvel movies to watch before watching this movie! Not all of them are amazing but Infinity War makes it all worthwhile!… Expand
I give a high score for the directors being able to get everyone good screen time and meaningful input. The story though was eclectic and I found predictable. It was too over the top to be great. This film though, depending on the the sequel,I give a high score for the directors being able to get everyone good screen time and meaningful input. The story though was eclectic and I found predictable. It was too over the top to be great. This film though, depending on the the sequel, could be made great depending how things finish off.… Expand
Although it feels slightly uneven at times, has inconsistent CGI and humour that's hit and miss, this is Thanos' movie. He shines. The action and character interactions with him are fantastic, and although you'll leave depressed, there's aAlthough it feels slightly uneven at times, has inconsistent CGI and humour that's hit and miss, this is Thanos' movie. He shines. The action and character interactions with him are fantastic, and although you'll leave depressed, there's a bigger story that it hints to come...… Expand
Slightly better than Black Panther. The best part of the film is an emotional (for once) moment at the beginning of the thrid act where Thanos and his daughter share many scenes. Won´t say more. The rest... so many characters you do notSlightly better than Black Panther. The best part of the film is an emotional (for once) moment at the beginning of the thrid act where Thanos and his daughter share many scenes. Won´t say more. The rest... so many characters you do not engage with anyone much. I think Cap and his boyfriend were underuse in this one. And I´m still not fond of Spiderman being some type of Iron Man pupil, although I like the actor playing him (nothing like Andrew Garfield, but he´s good and cute too). A normal step in this franchise but one can live without knowing any of these films or stories. Just basic film making.… Expand
It suffers from too many characters and uneven focus, a regular occurrence in Game of Thrones. Duration increases and yet each character gets less screen time. Strange and Stark exchange some funny lines, but that's about it. Thanos didIt suffers from too many characters and uneven focus, a regular occurrence in Game of Thrones. Duration increases and yet each character gets less screen time. Strange and Stark exchange some funny lines, but that's about it. Thanos did nothing wrong, it was the writers.… Expand
I cannot grasp how this movie has only 129 negative reviews on Metacritic. As someone who absolutely loved the first Avengers and most Marvel movies, I was massively disappointed.The first 1.5 hours feels like a long unfunny setup. DespiteI cannot grasp how this movie has only 129 negative reviews on Metacritic. As someone who absolutely loved the first Avengers and most Marvel movies, I was massively disappointed.The first 1.5 hours feels like a long unfunny setup. Despite constantly cracking inside jokes, only one or two actually made me laugh out loud. That is a lot of missed humor attempts. (I did like the final battle scene, despite it being spoiled in every preview and its similarity to Star Wars Episode One.) The CGI ranges from great to cartoony which makes no sense to me, unless it was rushed out. The villain (Thanos) is buff plus he has a glove with magic rocks in it. There is nothing else intimidating or sinister about him. The acting is fine but entirely forgettable. He does almost nothing cool with all the power he worked so hard to  collect - except turn things to bubbles. I am serious. In what world does that pass as awesome or amazing?For most characters, the acting feels under-rehearsed. Ironman seems shrill and frantic like an old lady. Star Lord manages to not say anything funny and comes off woefully dumb. I could go on.The movie proves that it will ignore everything meaningful that happens in it - in the sequel. They will simply wave a magic rock at the end and "bubble" history back to normal.The overwhelmingly positive reviews for Avengers: Infinity War calls into question the integrity of Metacritic and Disney...… Expand
Quite funny and action-fulled movie. The story is interesting, not perfect, but it's still convincing and with emotional moments as film's final. Perhaps the best superhero movie of 2018.
To quote Time's negative review on this film, "It’s all sensation and no pulse. Everything is big, all of the time." This movie depends on the audience having kept up with the previous MCU movies. Movie-goers who have not done so will findTo quote Time's negative review on this film, "It’s all sensation and no pulse. Everything is big, all of the time." This movie depends on the audience having kept up with the previous MCU movies. Movie-goers who have not done so will find the movie confusing and shallow as the movie does not provide any background for any character with the exception of the villain. It is also pretty-much non-stop action from beginning to end which some movie-goers may find nauseating (although I do wonder why these people bother to watch any MCU films in that case). The film does have quite a bit of humor inter-spaced with the non-stop action. That being said, some of the plot could have been more robust in the earlier part of the film, but then again you're watching a super-hero movie. The plot isn't supposed to withstand too much scrutiny.… Expand
Considering the complexity of pulling something of this scale off, it's an amazing achievement. Thanos’ god complex makes for a compelling morally ambiguous villain. And who can deny Thor’s entrance onto the battlefield as being one of theConsidering the complexity of pulling something of this scale off, it's an amazing achievement. Thanos’ god complex makes for a compelling morally ambiguous villain. And who can deny Thor’s entrance onto the battlefield as being one of the most bada$$ moments in the MCU.… Expand
I think the target audience from this one I can see is more for Children if anything. It's more for the casual Marvel audience. A low to mid tier type thing.Decent entertainment but it kinda falls flat in story production.Kinda theI think the target audience from this one I can see is more for Children if anything. It's more for the casual Marvel audience. A low to mid tier type thing.Decent entertainment but it kinda falls flat in story production.Kinda the difficulty of putting a movie that combines all the past movies characters together.… Expand
Had a lot of fun watching this with my teenage son. Marvel studios puts a respectable effort in allotting each character on screen time both speaking and fighting.  With the huge roster of characters, I had expected this to feel scattered,Had a lot of fun watching this with my teenage son. Marvel studios puts a respectable effort in allotting each character on screen time both speaking and fighting.  With the huge roster of characters, I had expected this to feel scattered, but in the end I never felt lost in the chaos of what was happening. Infinity war felt as a satisfying and cohesive whole.… Expand
I watched this movie on day 1 of its release and was blown away by it on IMAX, then a few days later on Digital.The CG is top notch, story is great, and it really set up the next movie very well. It's one of the rare movies where I did not check my watch to see what time it is. Whilst one could point to the fact that there are too many characters on-screen, I think the directors did an amazing job with it and the pacing.A must watch!… Expand
From the very first scene I knew that there are actually stakes this time and that left me on the edge of my seat for most of the movie.  The fight scenes were some of the best of any superhero film .  The movie was non stop from beginning toFrom the very first scene I knew that there are actually stakes this time and that left me on the edge of my seat for most of the movie.  The fight scenes were some of the best of any superhero film .  The movie was non stop from beginning to end and that ending will be on haunting me until Avengers 4 in 2019.  I literally cannot wait.… Expand
Great movie. Epic battles, insane cast of characters, great villain and much more. Without a doubt the best Avengers movie and my second favorite superhero movie after "The Dark Knight"
Avengers: Infinity War is quite a head scratcher and might just feel like a mind-numbing 2.5 hours of watching someone play Marvel vs. Capcom (or DBZ) if you haven't seen most of the films in the MCU. Unfortunately, I watched this movie forAvengers: Infinity War is quite a head scratcher and might just feel like a mind-numbing 2.5 hours of watching someone play Marvel vs. Capcom (or DBZ) if you haven't seen most of the films in the MCU. Unfortunately, I watched this movie for the first time after only having seen GOTG 1+2 and Black Panther, so in all scenes aside from the ones featuring the Guardians I felt totally lost as to what was going on, who these people are, or why I should care. I honestly didn't enjoy it too much or think it was a very great movie.Fast forward to a year later, I decided to watch the entire MCU (the only one left being Endgame, which has not yet released as I write this). Now that I've seen all the films I rewatched Infinity War and enjoyed it much more thoroughly. For me, it is the best film of the MCU outside of the two Guardians movies, which are my favorites still. There's not a lot to say about Infinity War aside from this. If you've seen all the MCU movies of the flagship characters (you could skip Ant-Man and Captain Marvel up to this point), you will probably enjoy this movie, as it creates a conclusion arc for all these characters' stories. If you haven't seen at least one movie of each of those characters, you will probably feel detached from a lot of scenes that would otherwise feel meaningful and interesting. As for the movie itself, it's got a pretty good pacing and is essentially just one long relay race of action scenes and intriguing exposition and consequences, back and forth. Most of the character development takes place in the prior films, not in this one, so this is really just to see where these characters fit into a larger conflict when the entire universe is threatened by Thanos. There are a few weaknesses in this film, such as nonsensical moments where characters act fairly out-of-character to do something that pushes the plot in a certain direction. Rocket and Thor's side-mission feels a bit silly and overlong considering how interesting most everything else is. Most of the villains are very formulaic chronies of Thanos who have not even been shown in any prior MCU film, so they feel a bit forced. It's a pretty entertaining film though and the production values are high, so for MCU fans, it's a must-see.… Expand
An emotional but not intelligent film. With all of their powers and experience, there was no plan. Nothing clever. All the technology and magic at their fingertips and what do they do? Punch and kick. No strategy. No tricks. No, 'Oh yes, didAn emotional but not intelligent film. With all of their powers and experience, there was no plan. Nothing clever. All the technology and magic at their fingertips and what do they do? Punch and kick. No strategy. No tricks. No, 'Oh yes, did you see that?' As someone pulls a smart manoeuvre. Nope. I'm surprised they didn't just have them throw stones at Thanos - who actually had a point about overpopulation. Everyone else comes across as entirely unaware, unintelligent and it is so disappointing. I expected better, much better. Some individual performances by some of the actors were great, the others didn't really get a chance to shine with so little screen time. the effects, sets, costumes and stunts were all great as well. The story was the problem.… Expand
Avengers Infinity War has a feeling of surrealness to it. This was the first half to what they were working up to for 10 YEARS. It not only delivers amazing SFX but it delivers a gut wrenching story and proves how Marvel is the king of comicAvengers Infinity War has a feeling of surrealness to it. This was the first half to what they were working up to for 10 YEARS. It not only delivers amazing SFX but it delivers a gut wrenching story and proves how Marvel is the king of comic book movies.… Expand
Great movie, i want put an 9 score, but as it has many low grades, i put a 10 to compensateExcelente filme, na verdade eu iria dar um 9, mas como tem muitas notas baixar darei um 10 para compensar
Perhaps one of the most ambitious blockbusters put to screen, Avengers: Infinity War rides the wave of expectation as well as possible. Simply put, films aren't meant to focus on so many characters. Infinity War however, under the assumptionPerhaps one of the most ambitious blockbusters put to screen, Avengers: Infinity War rides the wave of expectation as well as possible. Simply put, films aren't meant to focus on so many characters. Infinity War however, under the assumption the viewer has seen every other film in the cinematic universe, balances the characters and their arcs expertly. The films stakes, which are made known from the opening scene, ensure this succeeds in being a fun action flick of huge proportion.… Expand
Why do so many critics analyze it as if it were a movie that seeks to be more than what it is?Marvel/Disney wanted to make the culmination of a long list of action movies that together form a cohesive universe, they want this movie to hadWhy do so many critics analyze it as if it were a movie that seeks to be more than what it is?Marvel/Disney wanted to make the culmination of a long list of action movies that together form a cohesive universe, they want this movie to had stunning action scenes with a simple but very dramatic and epic plot and really made that.… Expand
Exceptionally good Marvel movie with deep theme.I would have wanted the battle with the Ebony Maw (the guy with ability to move objects with mind) to be a bit longer than just vacuuming him out into space.

Other Marvel movies are maybeExceptionally good Marvel movie with deep theme.I would have wanted the battle with the Ebony Maw (the guy with ability to move objects with mind) to be a bit longer than just vacuuming him out into space.Other Marvel movies are maybe like 7-8 at best but this is clear 9.There is still some smaller faint issues but in general the villain was very believable and we could kinda understand his ideology and history without being forced to read comics on the history of Thanos.I have to say that the ending was a big surprise.I don't get why the critics rated this so low.... this is far better than any of the previous Marvel movies (maybe Winter Soldier and original Iron Man could be rated the same).… Expand
Avengers Infinity War é um dos filmes mais esperados do ano e tambem por mim. Todo o trabalho desenvolvido até agora pela Marvel nos seus filmes e em Vingadores traz-nos até esse filme e não podia estar mais satisfeito. Mas vamos por partes:Avengers Infinity War é um dos filmes mais esperados do ano e tambem por mim. Todo o trabalho desenvolvido até agora pela Marvel nos seus filmes e em Vingadores traz-nos até esse filme e não podia estar mais satisfeito. Mas vamos por partes:Aspectos Positivos:-O trabalho dos irmãos Russo em juntar todos os Heróis é brutal, sabendo dar a cada herói o seu momento e trabalhar muito bem as diversas cenas de acção e iterações entre os diversos  heróis.-O vilão Thanos e a sua ideologia estão imensamente bem conseguidos. Thanos é um ser poderoso e realmente apresenta uma verdadeira ameaça e não conseguimos ficar indiferentes á sua ideologia que faz todo o sentido por um lado, mas por outro é aberrante.-O final é top, sentimos a angustia dos personagens e para um vilão tão forte e marcante como Thanos não fazia sentido tudo acabar bem.Aspetos Negativos:-Pouco desenvolvimento dos filhos de Thanos. Gostei deles e  queria saber mais sobre eles.-Thor derrotar tão facilmente Thanos em Wakanda, só porque tem um machado novo.Em suma, é um grande filme muito bem conseguido e impactantw onde todos as cenas estão muito bem conseguidas, mas não tão incrivel como guerra civil por exemplo ou mesmo Black Phanter.… Expand
Most Messed Up Cliff Hanger Ever in a Movie in this Decade. Which is a good thing, Marvel have strung along characters and balanced them well. The only negative being Captain America and the gang having a short screen time.
This is Marvel's pièce de résistance. You might think there have been better Marvel films before this and you might think there will be better Marvel films after this but nothing can ever compare to that gut punch of ending in Infinity War.This is Marvel's pièce de résistance. You might think there have been better Marvel films before this and you might think there will be better Marvel films after this but nothing can ever compare to that gut punch of ending in Infinity War. That ending will cement this film in pop culture history.… Expand
I waited to see Endgame before writing this, to see how it would have wrapped up things. This movie had it all. Easily one of the best superhero films ever.
It's certainly sparse on narrative and depth, but did anyone really expect a rich narrative and an emotionally complex movie with character arcs? The MCU has had its time to develop these characters over the course of a decade and now weIt's certainly sparse on narrative and depth, but did anyone really expect a rich narrative and an emotionally complex movie with character arcs? The MCU has had its time to develop these characters over the course of a decade and now we finally see the heroes face their most formidable opponent. This movie knew what it was supposed to be and delivered. There were a couple of plot holes and irrational actions by a few of the characters, but the overall product is a satisfying spectacle. 8/10… Expand
Marvel movies are corporate by committee productions so as expected we have technical perfection. Visual effects are without reproach. The villain for once isn't a cardboard cut off. He has character. There is a genuine feeling of menace,Marvel movies are corporate by committee productions so as expected we have technical perfection. Visual effects are without reproach. The villain for once isn't a cardboard cut off. He has character. There is a genuine feeling of menace, that maybe it’s not the good guys day , maybe just this once it doesn't work out.Every marvel character is crammed in here so it feels a bit suffocating and overwhelming but the plot demands it. And the plot is not at all bad. Most of the characters are fun and enjoyable to watch. But I cannot stand the sight or sound of Mark Ruffalo and will deduct a point for him.… Expand
As good as the MCU universe has been so far with its consistent formula, I think AIW is the first time when I think the film doesn't work overall. In fact, I would say its a beautiful mess. Its beautiful in terms of the cumulation of theAs good as the MCU universe has been so far with its consistent formula, I think AIW is the first time when I think the film doesn't work overall. In fact, I would say its a beautiful mess. Its beautiful in terms of the cumulation of the previous 18 films where we see all (well at least most, with some key notable absentees) come together on screen to fight a certain foe, and its beautiful because there some really emotional moments between characters which many fans have come to see.However, that said, there are by far way more flaws with the film that has not been present with other MCU film. The most obvious is the pacing and the inclusion of the many subplots within the film. The film is by far a mess in terms of this, because the Russo's attempt to juggle 5-6 subplots together by ping-ponging them back and forth without much narrative thrust. The problem here is that many of the scenes become dull on second viewing because they are largely made of expositions and the traditional marvel quips. For example, one pairing of Dr Strange, Iron man and spiderman might get 15 minute screen time for a scene, before there is a massive 40-minute gap before we come back to their story. It is nauseating because there is little momentum to carry these scenes. Whilst there are many action scenes and cool bone-chilling moments such as the appearance of Thor, a lot of the action scenes felt generic and nowhere as detailed as the Airport scene in Civil War which has set the gold standard to what all MArvel action scenes should aspire to. The problem here is that theres too much CGI and the inconsistent use of it. For example, Gamora is played by Zoe Saldana in makeup but keeps talking to the main villain, Thanos who is completely CGI becomes very jarring. That said the acting in this film is by far one of the best in the series, with Gamora and Thor being key standouts. Another problem is the humor. There is almost too much humor in this film and again tonally inconsistent. At one point, our heroes are conferring how to stop the villain, but we are constantly interrupted with jokes in such a serious situation, and they are straight up not funny. The dialogue is also poor with many lines just based on exposition. Some key characters that you would expect to have a major part, become irrelevant or have a diminished role in this film. The Black Order is a bit of a letdown, despite a very promising introduction to them. Thanos is brilliantly portrayed by Josh Brolin. His relationship with Gamora is the heart of the film. There are not many surprises and the film follows the comic pretty well which robs it of the shock factor for any person faintly familiar with the comic storyline or what was predicted. At the end, AIW is an enjoyable Marvel film with most of its part, but also contains pacing and plot holes problems that other MCU films has not had since now. There is also no rewatchable value to this film, unfortunately, but that can be forgiven due to the fact it is clearly a Part 1 film of a 2 Part series.… Expand
The action sequences are immensely thrilling, the characters all get time to shine and are as charming as ever, and Josh Brolin really gives the best performance he could ever possibly give as Thanos, Avengers: Infinity War was absolutelyThe action sequences are immensely thrilling, the characters all get time to shine and are as charming as ever, and Josh Brolin really gives the best performance he could ever possibly give as Thanos, Avengers: Infinity War was absolutely worth the 10 year wait!… Expand
The movie is a great entertainment. Action and cast is spot on with only one weak spot - plot and the character performance of Dr Strange, Hulk and Vision. First of all, Hulk's role in the movie is reduced only to the beginning, where he loses. He is of no use in all other battles. Second is the massive let down by Dr Strange, when he never makes use of his greatest power - time stone. Previously he was able to defeat any opponent including the destroyer of worlds, and now he cannot even defeat 1 guy, despite having the power to go back in time and see the future. And why on earth did he give up the stone when he could simply erase the fight altogether or at least trap Thanos in another dimension?! Thanos with no knowledge about mystic arts would be trapped there forever. Once he gives up the stone to Thanos, it's all over because Avengers would have to not only defeat Thanos, but to kill him instantly so he cannot go back in time (or at least cut off his arm instantly). Also Vision, being one of the most difficult heroes to fight against, is not able to use his powers in any meaninful way. Even mortals like Captain America or Black Widow are of more use than him.… Expand
2:30 saatlik filmin 2 saati aksiyon 15 dk son jenerik aktı zaten. Ömrünüzden harcayacak 2:30 saatiniz varsa ve sizin için önemsizse, harika bir film. Sesleri ile, efektleri ile, renkleri ile, görselliği ile, sanki alel acele çekilmiş bir film2:30 saatlik filmin 2 saati aksiyon 15 dk son jenerik aktı zaten. Ömrünüzden harcayacak 2:30 saatiniz varsa ve sizin için önemsizse, harika bir film. Sesleri ile, efektleri ile, renkleri ile, görselliği ile, sanki alel acele çekilmiş bir film havası vardı.… Expand
A lot of people think that people who loves Batman v Superman and Man of Steel, and overall the Zack Snyder more violent/gritty vision, are DC fanboys (or Zack Snyder? fanboys). So when we criticize that Marvel does good but non ambituosA lot of people think that people who loves Batman v Superman and Man of Steel, and overall the Zack Snyder more violent/gritty vision, are DC fanboys (or Zack Snyder? fanboys). So when we criticize that Marvel does good but non ambituos stuff a lot of times (AntMan, AntMan Wasp, Hulk, Age of Ultron, Civil War, Thor Dark World) we are just dumb contrarians.But no. No, we arent (well, at least the ones that make arguments for our reasoning).Because then Marvel makes this movie (although, the Russo Brothers might be THE reason, who knows?).This is INSANE. This movie is fantastic. After 18 movies, the Directors/writers had to make a decision:Either write the movie for the critics: Making clear mini arcs to all the characters, plus a theme, plus "time for the movie to rest, quiet moments" blah blah blah.Or write the movie that the MCU deserved. Taking advantage of all the stories, baggage, and well rounded characters the other movies already created.Thank God the Russo brothers/Marvel decided correctly… Expand
Deutsche Review - Kritik Der folgende Test ist in 5 Kategorien zusammengefasst. Diese 5 Kartegorien ergeben die Gesamtpunktzahl von 0 - 100 Punkten. Um einen passenden Userscore zu geben wird auf oder abgerundet. Bei 84 Punkten ergibt dasDeutsche Review - Kritik Der folgende Test ist in 5 Kategorien zusammengefasst. Diese 5 Kartegorien ergeben die Gesamtpunktzahl von 0 - 100 Punkten. Um einen passenden Userscore zu geben wird auf oder abgerundet. Bei 84 Punkten ergibt das einen User Score von 8. Bei 86 einen von Userscore von 9. Falls eine 85 kommt entscheide ich ob ich es eher positiv oder negativ nehme. Regeln verstanden? Dann sind hier meine Punkte. Mein persönlicher Score = 96/100 Mein User Score = 10/10… Expand
My favorite Marvel movie, I was watching this today after watching Endgame and it remains clear to me why this movie is a 10/10, Thanos is the best part of the movie and without a doubt, it holds the entire run time. Remember back in 2017My favorite Marvel movie, I was watching this today after watching Endgame and it remains clear to me why this movie is a 10/10, Thanos is the best part of the movie and without a doubt, it holds the entire run time. Remember back in 2017 when people saw the IMDB list of cast and thought it was impossible? How to fit this many characters in a movie well they did, and they did it a second time with Endgame. Thanos is the key to why this movie holds up so good and I think this will hold even better in the coming future.… Expand
An incredible film that will be remembered for years to come, regardless of whether or not you are a fan of the MCU this is a film you HAVE to see
This is a good movie.  It is your typical round up the superheroes for the first half (which is normally pretty badass) then fight the villian the second half. I would say its a must-watch but I doubt anyone hasn't seen it already.
Almost flawlessly executed from start to finish. Make no mistake, this is Thanos' film, which means he occupied most of screen-time and had character development unlike other characters which was pretty well done. The soundtrack might just be MCU's best one and the visual effects, especially the CGI done on Josh Brolin was mind-blowing. From a heart-wrenching start to an even more heart-wrenching ending, this film doesn't let up and is so well made, it will go down in history as one of MCU's best films and one of the best mashed-up superhero films ever made.… Expand
I came into this movie with a heavy bias against The Avengers because I greatly disliked them all, except Infinity War. This is truly an Avengers movie that Marvel FINALLY got right and it is awesome all round! I wished they showed the introI came into this movie with a heavy bias against The Avengers because I greatly disliked them all, except Infinity War. This is truly an Avengers movie that Marvel FINALLY got right and it is awesome all round! I wished they showed the intro fight, but I get that is more than likely reserved for a Thor based movie.I loved Captain Americas intro. It was so bad @ss and the music pumps you up. I cannot wait for the sequel.… Expand
A great one. The tension was great. Thanos was a great followup as a villain from Ultron's mediocrity. Will go as one of the most iconic characters in the film industry. The production value is great as always.
Le daria algo mas cercano al 8.7Una peli increible con un buen avance en la pelicula no es un argumento accelerado y con un final bastante inesperado para el publicoBastante buena en conjunto.
This movie had one of the biggest hypes that I've ever seen, and I curtailed my expectations knowing that it was impossible to fulfill everyone's wishes, but to a very nice surprise, at least where I stand from, Avengers: Infinity War notThis movie had one of the biggest hypes that I've ever seen, and I curtailed my expectations knowing that it was impossible to fulfill everyone's wishes, but to a very nice surprise, at least where I stand from, Avengers: Infinity War not only met expectation, it surpassed them. With a great villain in the purple chin Thanos, some great moments with it's share of drama throughout, this is one movie that made me feel a lot: laughs, sorrow, and excitement. Great job Marvel, I can say that I'm very, very excited to see what comes next.… Expand
I'm not a Superhero movie fan. This movie was really great for what it is. It actually almost crosses over to being good regardless of genre. There are various elements that make this great; most notably a compelling antagonist who really isI'm not a Superhero movie fan. This movie was really great for what it is. It actually almost crosses over to being good regardless of genre. There are various elements that make this great; most notably a compelling antagonist who really is the focus and main character of the movie. Granted, there are some scenes that remind you that this is a "blockbuster movie", however it's not mindless action like any Transformers, neither is it structurally and visibly absurd like Justice League. Unlike The Last Jedi, it keeps true to all the characters while also giving them the humanity they needed to connect to the audience (Thor). It also excels at subverting expectation (vs.The Last Jedi) mainly due to the fact that you feel the script isn't going out if it's way to "Trash the Past" to prop up the newer characters. It did something that few new movies do, which is get me interested in seeing it's continuation.… Expand
It doesn't get any better than this. Non-stop action and awesome effects,plot,story,superhero action. Watched it 5 times already.Helmsworth is incredible in it .
Simple if you dont read comics = this is the best movie yetIf you read comics = Its a ok story with amazing CGI
La pelicula es increible, a la altura de epicidad de el señor de los anillos , stars wars y peliculas asi, este film quedara para el asombro de futuras generaciones, sin ser amante de los superheroes solo puedo admirar esta obra maestra.
Avengers Infinty WarsJe vous en parle tout de suite après 2 visionnages dont 1 en 2D et l’autre en 3D salle ICE Premium.. Cela fait 10 ans qu'on attendait et nous voilà avec un nouveau bon Avengers. Plein de personnages, pleins de batailles épiques, pleins de pouvoirs. De jolies combinaisons pour former ce que l'on peut aussi bien voir en 2D qu’en 3D. En tant qu'admirateur de la 3D elle est sensiblement meilleurs que la majorité des Disney.Ce qui demeurer ma plus grosse crainte ne s'est pas produit.. L’humour décalé ne désamorce aucune scène c’est génial. Cela nous donne des blagues parfois lourdes, mais dans l'ensemble bien gérées !J’ai adoré Rocket[spoiler]    , car il ne sait pas ce qu’il fait, il s’amuse juste    [/spoiler]    . Thor est carrément Badass et rempli de style ! Groot est important[spoiler]    , l’histoire d’un instant    [/spoiler]    ! Toujours aussi fan d’Iron Man et des inventions animées avec génie ! Le méchant [spoiler]    magicien excellent, enfin une vraie rivalité avec strange    [/spoiler]    et les méchant en générale. Le fun de ce film.Dans les choses exceptionnelles, nous trouvons le traitement de Hulk[spoiler]    comme Dr Jekyll et Mr Hyde    [/spoiler]    . La cape de Doctor Strange [spoiler]    devient quasiment un personnage    [/spoiler]    . Recruter le nain le plus célèbre (Tirion Lanister) [spoiler]    pour en faire un géant    [/spoiler]    (Disney vient de changer une définition dans l’Univers ?). [spoiler]    Le nombre de morts.. Impressionnants. Le plus grand méchant qui gagne la partie..    [/spoiler]    On n’est pas habitué avec Disney.Les choses décevantes seraient peut être le traitement de Thanos [spoiler]    sur son "humanisation", car cela a tendance à le rendre plus faible, car Gamora étant sa fille il est un peut dur de se faire à l'idée surtout qu’il passe son temps a re-équilibrer les vies des peuples.    [/spoiler]    La sous-exploitation du Docteur Strange[spoiler]    (c’est à demi-mot, car j’attends la suite..)    [/spoiler]    Des effets spéciaux pas toujours au top surtout pour certains écrans verts qui sonne faux et les effets de particules qui ne prennent pas en compte la majorité des obstacles présents à l'écran.La musique est clairement oubliable, elle est le plus gros point noir du film.[spoiler]    Les morts à la Voldemort.    [/spoiler]    Le manque de grandiose par rapport au premier Avengers transpire comme une défaite. (New York VS [spoiler]    une partie du Wakanda    [/spoiler]    )Technologie ICE non pris en compte pour un film d'un tel budget.j'en attends toujours plus du Dolby Atmos, sommes-nous au maximum ?… Expand
I want to start by saying I am a huge Marvel fan that has seen all of the 10 years of films leading up to this. I came into this movie expecting a lot and it delivered. The acting/cast came together to give great chemistry. This is a shortI want to start by saying I am a huge Marvel fan that has seen all of the 10 years of films leading up to this. I came into this movie expecting a lot and it delivered. The acting/cast came together to give great chemistry. This is a short review because I could go on for hours typing why I loved the movie. Due to confusion towards the end, I will give it a solid 9.This is a movie all Marvel fans should see in theatres and is child-friendly. I feel like the perfect viewing experience and understanding for this film requires two watchings.… Expand
First I wanna say the film ultimately and truly is a bit of cluster **** but it dives deeper than the first avengers film in key moments but the snippet acting brings this film down there's no denying it but in the creation of this film it clearly couldn't have been helped but to say that the acting was actually great at times and the only actor I can truly point out who was lacking was tom Holland even in his special scene that is now famed, tom doesn't give a honest to God expression of the fear of premature death to a unbeknownst or supernatural cause but that's just my review of that particular scene in the other ones its literally copy and paste for his performances other than than that this film reaches pretty high in everything it does and it doesn't completely screw up in most of them.… Expand
This movie is great but I have a couple issues. Thanos does not feel like his comics self, the children are just well different, and the stupid under powering of the infinity gauntlet. But other than that the CGI IS AMAZING! Best in a marvelThis movie is great but I have a couple issues. Thanos does not feel like his comics self, the children are just well different, and the stupid under powering of the infinity gauntlet. But other than that the CGI IS AMAZING! Best in a marvel movie. The movie is funny and has a great cast with quality chemistry that erupts from the dialogue. Overall this movie is awesome but not as faithful to the comics with some bad decisions made still it is definitely worth a see.… Expand
Absolutely fantastic movie. I wasn't disappointed. Love the amount of heroes in this one and amount of action. Nice special effects and brilliant story.
Here's the short version : This is the best Marvel movie so far! Especially after the last movies that came out, i think Marvel got the hang of how to make superhero movies. Thanos is a complicated villain that has both moments of badasseryHere's the short version : This is the best Marvel movie so far! Especially after the last movies that came out, i think Marvel got the hang of how to make superhero movies. Thanos is a complicated villain that has both moments of badassery and heart. His drive to complete his objective captures our attention and make heroes' struggle very meaningful unlike most other movies. There is not a single wasted scene in the entire movie, each serves the move the plot, which in turn makes the movie feel very rich in content. I do not like to say any further, as i think i spoke enough about the quality of this movie. I'll not speak to marvel fans because i know they watched it and loved it. However, even if you are not a fan, if you watched enough marvel movies that you kinda feel interested in the whole arc, this movie is everything you could possibly expect from it. Even if you never watched any marvel movie, action scenes are entertaining enough to keep you happy. Although starting from this movie would feel like watching Revenge of the Sith first when you want to get into the Star Wars, except if RotS was as good as New Hope or Empire Strikes Back.… Expand
One of the best-written villains of its time, a good watch although it's not a 10 in my book because it's only a buildup to Avengers 4. It's also hard to be completely sad when you know characters such as Spiderman are totally going to be revived.… Expand
The was an excellent film. I wish i would've seen it in theaters. Instead I enjoyed it at home!!… Expand
Avengers Infinity War is awesome in a lot of ways, but the numerous deaths of heros and the fact that Strange could've reversed time and prevent this make me not like this as much as I thought I would.… Expand
It’s not bad, but with the growing popularity and quanity of Marvel movies, it can’t help but feel like I saw this movie before I even watched it. Rating - 67%
This is my favorite marvel movie. It was emotional, funny, and full of action. And that ending was so unexpected. This movie is amazing
A dumb fun marvel film. The story, I honestly have no idea how the story works but it just works, I can't explain it. Pacing, the pacing in this film is honestly really good. The dialogue, the dialogue is slightly better than your averageA dumb fun marvel film. The story, I honestly have no idea how the story works but it just works, I can't explain it. Pacing, the pacing in this film is honestly really good. The dialogue, the dialogue is slightly better than your average marvel movie. The action, action usually bores me in superhero films unless they are well done like in Iron Man 3 and Doctor Strange. The stupid crap, Spider-Man puts his mask on while he's out in public where the cars can see him which is so dumb, like this is in the trailers, speaking of which. The trailers, they spoiled a lot. Special effects, for the most part the special effects are good, not sure how it'll hold up but I'm pretty sure Thanos will hold up. Thanos memes, wait what. Conclusion, this is a dumb fun marvel movie and one of the better ones, not sure if this is better than avengers one but so far I definitely enjoy it more than avengers one. BUT HOW ON EARTH IS THIS THE LOWEST RATED MARVEL MOVIE OF THIS YEAR, COME ON NOW.… Expand
Infinite war is the best movie of marvel so far with a incredible villain named Thanos.
The "pro" reviews are so wrong I put this up as one of the top hero movies of all time!
Infinity War part 1 is a ok action movie than really helps if you actually know and care about all the characters in the first place getting ass beat. The plot is really dumb about a alien conservationist who is a homicidal villain. I did like purple nut sack face even if he was one of the most dumbest villains with the most childlike plan. Kill half the life in the universe to make the lights stay on a bit longer. If Thanos was a smoker and drinker he'd be nursing one drink and taking slow puffs on one cigar to last him all night. Yeah just a really silly action movie when I come to think about it. Fun for the kids I suppose?… Expand
Doesn't get any better than this. Cant imagine the movie endgame will be better than this but for now this is the best!
Let's just get one thing out of the way: If you don't like Marvel movies or if you haven't seen at least most of the movies leading up to this big boi, you most probably won't enjoy it. I like most Marvel movies. liked the first Avengers movie, not so much Age of Ultron. Infinity War is on another plane of existence. Two things make this the best super hero movie of all time in my opinion. 1: There are consequences. People die. Loki dies almost right away. Gamora dies. Most of the movie you think they will save Vision but eventually he dies. Spider-Man dies and makes me feel like a depressed cucumber, it's the most genuinely emotional deaths in any super hero movie. 2: The villain has depth. This is Thanos's movie, and Thanos is a complex character despite being meme'd to death on the Internet. You understand his intentions. All of this is combined with humor that lands (about 98% at least) and a series of amazing and interesting set pieces and scenes that you actually remember. The fight where they combined are inches away from actually beating Thanos is eye candy. "That" Thor scene in space is breathtaking. The CGI is insane throughout the entire movie. It also doesn't follow conventional plot structure, it couldn't and it wouldn't make much sense, which adds even more to the wonder how it all (it's A LOT) still works. They really pulled off what on paper seemed impossible.… Expand
Compared to the original story that started with Infinity Gauntlet, this one was very swallow, specially due to the absence of Adam Warlock. Too many jokes, poor story and too many characters simply thrown in the story and used in a very badCompared to the original story that started with Infinity Gauntlet, this one was very swallow, specially due to the absence of Adam Warlock. Too many jokes, poor story and too many characters simply thrown in the story and used in a very bad way made this a mediocre movie at best.… Expand
This is the best Marvel movie ever made. Avengers: Infinity war is my favorite Marvel movie, my favorite superhero movie, my favorite action movie, my favorite sci- fi movie, my favorite fantasy movie, and my favorite movie of all time. TheThis is the best Marvel movie ever made. Avengers: Infinity war is my favorite Marvel movie, my favorite superhero movie, my favorite action movie, my favorite sci- fi movie, my favorite fantasy movie, and my favorite movie of all time. The acting was stupendous especially Josh Brolin as Thanos as well as Robert Downey Jr., Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, Chris Hemsworth, Elizabeth Olsen, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Mark Ruffalo, Dave Bautista, Pom Klementieff, Tom Holland, Benedict Cumberbatch, Chadwick Boseman, Danai Gurira, Paul Bettany, and Don Cheadle as well as the entire rest of the cast. The action scenes and visual effects were spectacular. The writing, story, and screenplay play were all fantastic. The emotional weight of the story was beautiful, touching, and sad, I even cried a little when Gamora was killed by Thanos and got teary eyed when Peter Parker/Spider-Man was disappearing. The production of the whole movie was great. The direction in which Anthony and Joe Russo took the movies was amazing. The musical score composed by Alan Silvestri was fantastic. Also I loved Stan Lee's cameo as the bus driver, it was perfect. I loved this movie immensely and I can not wait to see the sequel, Avengers: Endgame. I really was hoping that it would win the Oscar for best visual effects but at least it got nominated. A++.… Expand
I’d go as far to say that i hated both Avengers Assemble and Age Of Ultron. They were trashy punch fests with no real story to them, and Infinity War is still a punch fest but there’s now much needed weight behind them. This movie was soI’d go as far to say that i hated both Avengers Assemble and Age Of Ultron. They were trashy punch fests with no real story to them, and Infinity War is still a punch fest but there’s now much needed weight behind them. This movie was so enjoyable because you saw 10 whole years of character development and plot unfold before your eyes. The special effects were great, there was real emotion and bonding between the characters ands it actually mixed up the formula a bit. Please see this film if you haven’t already just for the ending alone.… Expand
Perhaps the best avengers' movie, more drama than many Marvel movies.  The development of the villain in this film is something I really liked, I think Thanos is a villain who deserves to be remembered in the story of the comic bookPerhaps the best avengers' movie, more drama than many Marvel movies.  The development of the villain in this film is something I really liked, I think Thanos is a villain who deserves to be remembered in the story of the comic book villains,his scenes steal the film.  On the other hand other scenes don't seem to be relevant in the film, and they make a lot of noise.… Expand
Overall it's good entertainment, but it loses points for:The Iron Man armor is based on "science fiction", and the "magic nanites" are really not credibles for a movie.

Pass too quickly on Thanos motivations and the consequences of the endOverall it's good entertainment, but it loses points for:The Iron Man armor is based on "science fiction", and the "magic nanites" are really not credibles for a movie.Pass too quickly on Thanos motivations and the consequences of the end ... the people who do not know the comics are struggling to integrate the reasons for this end.A little too much fan service ... for my taste...… Expand
A really fun and satisfying crossover event, even if as a movie it suffers from some major plot holes.  But hell, if you care about logic you probably should steer clear of superhero movies.  The point is that if you like these characters you get to see them all interact in interesting ways.  Again, not all the scenes make sense if you think about it too much, and even some of the stronger scenes may not be earned considering some of these characters have been around for 10 years (in the movies).  But I really think most people (regardless of whether they are comic fans or not) will enjoy this movie for at least one viewing and I'm recommending it based on that.… Expand
Персонажи -- цирк уродов, состоящий из разноплановых персонажей, что выглядит не аутентично. Пример: огромный зелёный мутант, скандинавский бог, школьник, которого укусил паук, человек в железном костюме. Звучит смехотворно, не правда ли?Персонажи -- цирк уродов, состоящий из разноплановых персонажей, что выглядит не аутентично. Пример: огромный зелёный мутант, скандинавский бог, школьник, которого укусил паук, человек в железном костюме. Звучит смехотворно, не правда ли?Сюжет -- концепция всех фильмов этой студии заключается в том, что главный герой выживает, а злодей умирает. Все они повторяют друг друга, я искренне не понимаю зачем это смотреть, если исход очевиден. Новые "Мстители" не станут исключением, разве что в конце "Финала" пара персонажей погибнет. Но их всё равно воскресят, чтобы снять ещё тонну подобного кино и срубить зелени на хомячках. А ещё не понятно одно: что, блять, за камни бесконечности? Любому шимпанзе известно, что вселенная существует лишь за счёт времени и пространства, какие к чёрту "душа", "сила", и тому подобное? Допустим, что я подошёл к фильму к научной точке зрения зря. Тогда объясните, почему вселенная произвела камни именно этих аспектов бытия? Где пресловутые "вода", "огонь", "воздух", "земля"? Но мне никто не объяснит, мне просто скажут "жри и молчи, а если не нравится, то ты долбоёб, ведь не могут миллионы мух ошибаться?"Дубляж -- далеко не всегда правильная интонация, как и перевод, а пафоса в каждой фразе больше, чем членов в жопах тех, кому нравится фильмы MARVEL. Хотя, переизбыток пафоса -- проблема сценария, нежели дубляжа, что уж точно не прибавляет очков "Войне бесконечности".Юмор -- все шутки сводятся к каламбурам уровня детского сада, в духе "я сказал пойти направо, а она пошла налево", после чего показывают как персонаж корчит рожу. А теперь ответьте на вопрос: может ли это вызвать неподдельный смех у взрослого человека без серьёзных заболеваний мозга?Я и не беру в расчёт мелочи, вроде сюжетных несостыковок, ляпов со съёмкой и монтажом, что свойственно почти любому кинофильму.Из плюсов могу выделить качественные спецэффекты, хорошую актёрскую игру и хоть какую-то попытку обосновать позицию антогониста.В итоге мы получаем крайне слабый фильм, ну очень плохой. И да, моё любимое: "Почему бы просто не запрограммировать синапсы на взаимодействие?", "Потому что мы об этом не додумались" (здесь вы должны смеяться). Итог: эти имбецилы обрели на смерть половину вселенной.… Expand
It's a good, deep, and entertaining movie. Much better than the last one and all the DC movies combined. My only issue and the problem with the movie is the plot holes. Specifically how everyone in the movie does incredibly stupid things in order to advance the plot and setup the very predictable sequel to this film, which Marvel kinda spoiled anyway by announcing standalone, sequel films for all the characters that die in this one. There really isn't any reason to watch the sequel to this other than for completionist's sake because you know what will happen: Thanos will be defeated by the surviving Avengers and everything will be returned to normal.… Expand
I'm not the biggest MCU fan out there but I usually enjoy the films. A few in particular really stand out as great movies. For me, those are Iron Man, Cap 2: Winter Soldier, and Avengers: Infinity War. This movie was close to perfect, and I'mI'm not the biggest MCU fan out there but I usually enjoy the films. A few in particular really stand out as great movies. For me, those are Iron Man, Cap 2: Winter Soldier, and Avengers: Infinity War. This movie was close to perfect, and I'm very happy I saw it twice in theaters.… Expand
If you know what you're in for, you're in for a real treat. Kevin Fiege, Marvel and the Russo brother's give us the end-all-be-all culmination Avengers epic of all summer Marvel epics. It expects you to surrender and leave you in catharsisIf you know what you're in for, you're in for a real treat. Kevin Fiege, Marvel and the Russo brother's give us the end-all-be-all culmination Avengers epic of all summer Marvel epics. It expects you to surrender and leave you in catharsis and tragedy, what all great setup movies are meant to do. And like never before we have an on-screen villain that poses a stronger resonance than the heroes themselves. Infinity War may not play out as a typical, ordinary expected movie-going experience, but what it gives us is something much greater and more endearing. A monumental crescendo and climax that'll go down in the history books for sure.… Expand
What a great movie, lots of action but at the same time a great story. Spider-Man scenes are AMAZING and Thanos is done really well. 100% worth watching!
Brolin is getting the icing of the cake, but then he deserves it, with such an absorbing nuanced performance, he breathes meaning into these loud behemoth battles.Avengers: Infinity War

Russo Brothers recites a profound poetry in thisBrolin is getting the icing of the cake, but then he deserves it, with such an absorbing nuanced performance, he breathes meaning into these loud behemoth battles.Avengers: Infinity WarRusso Brothers recites a profound poetry in this heist of gems. Infinity Stones they call it, we, antics to step upon, or more accurately to sacrifice upon. This game of chess is as fun as it would be to watch one. With sacrifices subsequently dashing across the herd of multiple plots, the textbook 1-0-1 tricks of chess, is their way in. A pawn for a pawn and a Queen for a pawn, taking heavy awe-gasping non-affordable losses, Earth's mightiest heroes, has that one emotional punch left in their bags, which works every time despite of your awareness of its manipulative nature.After going through a great deal of chapters, their magic trick wasn't the disappearance of your favourite face cards but the build up or the origin of their construction that led us here, THIS works because THAT did, Downey regretted his actions (Favreau's Iron Man) and made mistakes (Whedon's Age Of Ultron), that is why the birth of his gadgets and attitude towards this alienated phenomenon touched the ultimate membership of the rare 2 billion club. The writing is incredibly inspiring when it comes to blend in these many characters- which hasn't been done to this scale, although Soderberg's smoothness is yet impenetrable- but unfortunately it is also the one with the most mistakes, where you can clearly see that they sew in the missing links with poor cloth material later on in the production and called it "improvisation"- humor is not that necessary, especially the off putting references that disenchants the viewers from this mythology.To be fair, even the structure of the film is above the safe formulaic method of MCU, with Josh Brolin at the centre of the narration, his invasion in each act of our heroes "turns the leg to jelly" and keeps the urgency alive and vulnerability, turned to 11, that you feel as he picks up each of our beloved caped saviour in the air, where the contrast of the power he oozes is impeccably nobel. But I think it is the confidence in his walk, his body language so stiff like it's views that you are molded and convinced in joining his family dinner party that will spiral out not some bickering but an Infinity War.… Expand
The self-proclaimed biggest movie in history is a good movie, with a poor soundtrack and that does not accompany in most of the plot and with some jokes sometimes screwed.The opening scene is a total impact, like the whole movie, in whichThe self-proclaimed biggest movie in history is a good movie, with a poor soundtrack and that does not accompany in most of the plot and with some jokes sometimes screwed.The opening scene is a total impact, like the whole movie, in which you are constantly feeling that all the previous films now have a sense and a legend that goes beyond the movies and superhero comics.This movie has done something that has never been attempted, and it does it in a great way.… Expand
Eight beacuse everyone dies in this movie... captain america, tony stark, hulk and black widow are the only persons that still living… Expand
The conclusion of 10 years of work, may be somewhat disappointing and weak, but it makes up for it with love for the franchise, character development and good performances. 7.1 / 10
Best MCU movie. Thanos is the best villain. 10/10 one of the best superhero movie of all time. Cant wait to see butthurt DC fanboys come here and down vote this… Expand
E-Value: 8Acting: 9Plot: 8Finally, the moment we have all been waiting for ten years. The nineteenth instalment in the Marvel Cinematic Universe is here with Marvel superheroes from the previous movies are gathered together to go up against the most powerful villain, Thanos. I can tell you this movie will not disappoint you at all and it will be worth it.Picking up right after the events of Thor: Ragnarok, Thanos (Brolin) has successfully acquired the Power Stone in Xandar and the Space Stone from Loki. With two Infinity Stones now in his possession, he tasked his children, the Black Order, to retrieve the Time Stone and Mind Stone which are located on Earth. Hulk, who lost a fight against Thanos, is teleport back to Earth by Heimdall to spare him from being killed.Back on Earth, Bruce Banner warns Dr. Strange and Iron Man (Downey Jr.) about Thanos coming to Earth to retrieve the Time Stone from Dr. Strange and the Mind Stone from Vision. During the battle against Thanos’ children, Dr. Strange got capture which force Iron Man and Spider-Man join forces to go rescue him and the Time Stone.Left behind, Banner contacts Steve Rogers (Evans), Falcon and Black Widow for help and they manage to rescue Vision and Scarlet Witch from Thanos’ other children. They recruited War Machine and together they bring Vision to Wakanda so they can use their resources to remove the Mind Stone without killing him.Meanwhile, the Guardians of the Galaxy rescue Thor, who told them about Thanos. Star-Lord, Drax and Gamora go to Knowhere to stop Thanos from retrieving the Reality Stone from Taneleer Tivan the Collector while Thor, Rocket Racoon and Groot go to Nidavellir to get a weapon for Thor to kill Thanos. The fate of the universe lies in the hands of these heroes before Thanos gets all the Infinity Stones.Aside from the large cast reprising their role from the previous movies, their acting is totally amazing especially Josh Brolin who manage to nail it in his role as Thanos. The story is impressive which balance out some emotional moments (especially the heroes who are going to die) and humour moments which are quite funny. The action scenes are pretty cool and amazing and they are very well shot. Whether or not you’re a Marvel fan, you will definitely enjoy this movie.The visual effects and CGI are very amazing and stunning beautiful. Huge thumbs up to the visual artists of the movie. On the downside but not too severe, some of the characters do not have enough screen time and they are underused. Hopefully, they will get more screen time and more useful in the upcoming sequel. Like all previous Marvel movies, please stay back for a post credit scene.… Expand
avengers infinity war is a great movie, one of my favorite movies of all time, when thanos snaps his fingers and heros die, you get sad because you have been attached to everyone of these characters for so long.… Expand
- Hulk is severely disappointing - The tone shift can be a little jarring sometimes and in the third act it constantly shifts from different points during battle
Никакой конструктивности, только эмоции.Безумно тупой фильм, НЕВЫНОСИМО тупой фильм. Еле выдержал. Диалоги одноклеточные, плоские персонажи могут только отмачивать шутки довольно простого юмора и выпендриваться, чтобы нравилось тем, ктоНикакой конструктивности, только эмоции.Безумно тупой фильм, НЕВЫНОСИМО тупой фильм. Еле выдержал. Диалоги одноклеточные, плоские персонажи могут только отмачивать шутки довольно простого юмора и выпендриваться, чтобы нравилось тем, кто восприимчив к дешевым приемам. Куча сцен, нацеленных только на то, чтобы показать чью-либо крутость. Уровень вменяемости происходящего настолько низок, что если будете задумываться хоть о чем-то, то испортите себе фильм, как это вышло у меня.Еще мне нравится то, как любят нахваливать "лучшего злодея эвер" Таноса. То есть, если персонаж чуть сложнее абсолютно плоской дубины, как во всех прочих супергеройских фильмах, то он заслуживает восторгов? У нас теперь настолько низкая планка?Сплошной фансервис, сплошное облизывание задниц "смотрите каких крутых" героев. Если Вам такое нравится, то смотрите. Фильм на своей фабрике собран недурно, из максимально простых деталей, чтобы все поняли.… Expand
This is a movie that sets up its own sequel (as was already planned). The pacing is fast and gets going right from the beginning. When you start to feel it's going to fast for too long they slow it down and give you some backstory. I wasThis is a movie that sets up its own sequel (as was already planned). The pacing is fast and gets going right from the beginning. When you start to feel it's going to fast for too long they slow it down and give you some backstory. I was happy to see it take the stories that have been developed beforehand and starts to nicely connect them. Happily, the trailer doesn't do this movie justice and doesn't ruin any of the surprises the movie offered. To me, this will define the next stage in the Marvel Movie Universe.… Expand
Although the majority of the movie was simply a CG v. CG fest, it still managed to entertain a (mostly) cohesive story. On the topic of CG, some of the CG in the first few scenes was especially. This was especially apparent with the openingAlthough the majority of the movie was simply a CG v. CG fest, it still managed to entertain a (mostly) cohesive story. On the topic of CG, some of the CG in the first few scenes was especially. This was especially apparent with the opening scene, and the first fight scene (the one in New York). The rest was pretty good, but Thanos' motives are fundamentally flawed and mirror eugenic thinking. It was pretty fun but didn't quite hold up upon second viewing. This is definitely a cultural phenomenon and, in that sense, it is a must see.… Expand
Clearly not the best movie on screen, but we can't consider it as a bad movie. A huge production, with huge expectations maturating for more than 10 years. The Russo Brothers here sign a masterpiece following the Marvel formula. The movieClearly not the best movie on screen, but we can't consider it as a bad movie. A huge production, with huge expectations maturating for more than 10 years. The Russo Brothers here sign a masterpiece following the Marvel formula. The movie isn't perfect because we find the same problems every single Marvel and this movie doesn't leave it. Problems of green screens, too much CGI or even too much humor. This movie sometimes looks like a patchwork of stories put together with a lot of shortcuts. However this movie brings me the Marvel touch, the dream that it is supposed to bring, through emotion and memorable scenes. This movie represents such an interesting way to restart the MCU and it lightens my fan's torch.Thanos is without any doubt the best villain of the MCU and brings a real bonus in the movie. Finally, a pure and nuanced antagonist. Many 'secondary' characters are also well developed and provide a wonderful plus such as Scarlet Witch (favourite character in the movie) or Gamora.Finally, the ending without spoiling is just WOW... Even two days after I'm still shocked about what happened. A wonderful punch in the stomach which I've been waiting for so many years..."There was an idea to bring together a group of remarkable people to see if we could become something more and we could find the battles that they never could"10 years later, Marvel and all its characters and actors provide us, the dream of all a generation, a film that nobody else is ready to do today...Can't say it is perfect 'cause it isn't but I enjoyed the movie and with such a hype that I've experienced, I was very scared... Definitely, a movie to watch this year, for Marvel fans or simple movie watchers...See you next year for more adventures… Expand
esse filme e uma obra de arte infelizmente alguem herois da marvel morrem mas ano que vem 2019 vai ter vingadores 4 eu espero que começe donde o vingadores guerra infinita acabou
Top notch quality! The epic adventure we've been waiting 10 years for. looking back at the first iron man form 2008 and seeing just how far that this cinematic universe has come is amazing. This will forever be known as one of the best moviesTop notch quality! The epic adventure we've been waiting 10 years for. looking back at the first iron man form 2008 and seeing just how far that this cinematic universe has come is amazing. This will forever be known as one of the best movies and cinematic universes in history!… Expand
that was my best movies Action ever it have everything story, emotion and of course lots of fun yeah I was crying all the movie but no one can not have fun on Marvel movie
This may be an over reaction but idc. This movie is everything I've ever needed. 89/100
Avergers: Infinity War is a culmination of Marvel Superheroes from the MCU, and this is by far, my favourite. The Russo brothers did a fantastic job of holding the audience's attention till the end credits and manged to provide a cliffhangerAvergers: Infinity War is a culmination of Marvel Superheroes from the MCU, and this is by far, my favourite. The Russo brothers did a fantastic job of holding the audience's attention till the end credits and manged to provide a cliffhanger there too. It HAS lived up to the hype. The story, as most of you will know, is about the mightiest villain Thanos, who is invading planets from the existing universe in search of Infinity Stones, a set of extremely powerful gems which will help Thanos being all-powerful. It is up to the Avengers to protect them and if possible, take them from Thanos.The action sequences: Larger than life will be an understatement. Watching in 3D is the most amazing experience one can have. Every time, the action offers something new. Every Marvel superhero has their signature style, with hyped features and fight sequences. It is a joy to watch that onscreen. But, Infinity War is not just about actions, it has emotions, and comedy sprinkled in too. That's what makes it stand out from the rest.That being said, handling a movie with so many superheroes, which stretches for more than 2 hours, has not been divided proportionately. Iron Man and Dr.Strange get the lion's share, next is Thor and the Guardians. Hulk is a surprise and gem. Watch, you'll understand. Although, we hardly see Black Panther, Bucky Barnes, Falcon and Black Widow kick some villains, barring 1 scene. But, I'm still OK with it.The ending left me like, "I've to wait till 2019 now??"… Expand
I find that Infinity War triumphs by a margin that surprised even me, by presenting interesting ways to display character interaction and growth throughout the movie.The film's biggest success comes with the character of Thanos. DespiteI find that Infinity War triumphs by a margin that surprised even me, by presenting interesting ways to display character interaction and growth throughout the movie.The film's biggest success comes with the character of Thanos. Despite Thanos' villainous nature combined with his seemingly absurd scheme, the people behind this movie's development nearly pulled off the impossible by making him an empathetic character from most audiences. Sure, his plan to eradicate half of all living people is maniacal, but the way they presented his reasoning behind it made it genuinely understandable. His plight with his daughter Gamora was not necessarily heart-wrenching, but it felt raw and real. The backstory they presented made him feel like the protagonist of the story, and you really grow to like him not only as a villain, but as a character.In correlation with this, the writing for this film felt impeccable for the mere fact that despite needing to show dozens of characters at once, no characters felt left out or unnecessary. This comes from the brilliant tactic used in this film to focus on a few subgroups of characters instead of entirely separately or together. This works wonders with this movie, as we can keep focus on every aspect of the characters' hardships, while also being able to believe that they truly are doing everything they can to take Thanos down in the most direct and intellectual ways. This sharing of screen-time to all characters really made it feel epic, which correlates into the movies climax perfectly.Finally, this movie works great as a general action flick, which to many can be a great selling point. Sure, there's plenty of exposition and dramatic stakes, but the fight scenes that take place throughout are exhilarating and keep you engaged. Coinciding with this, the CGI throughout didn't feel distracting in any way.Not much about this movie fails, but I would say I am peeved with the pacing of certain scenes concerning the comedy. The humor is quite good, but occasionally it can feel strange or unneeded. I wouldn't say the comedic aspects of this movie are bad, just rather that they occasionally felt tacked onto the script after it had been established. Not a movie-killer, but it may irk some viewers like it did to me, as it can confuse the tone of a scene.On the same pedestal, the introduction of the soul stone in this film felt very lackluster compared to speculation among the community. Not gonna lie, people had better ways of implementation than the canon one.I wouldn't say it's perfect, but this film does way too much right for me to ignore its obvious impact on recent culture, and its likability. A score of a 9 shows just how great a superhero movie can be, despite focusing on different aspects from the stereotypical ones. If you somehow haven't seen this movie, I'd give it a recommendation just because of how unique and marvelously executed it is.… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War ultimately conjoined three or four stories. A:IW was a total roller-coaster. The film immediately hooks the audience on and brings us even closer till the end. Spectacular acting from all the characters, especially TonyAvengers: Infinity War ultimately conjoined three or four stories. A:IW was a total roller-coaster. The film immediately hooks the audience on and brings us even closer till the end. Spectacular acting from all the characters, especially Tony Stark. However, this film was lacking context. I didn't know who anybody was, where it was taking place and was left dazed with the timeline? All in all, A:IW perfectly combined multiple stories into one, consisted of spectacular acting and kept the audience hooked on. Which is why I'm going with 8/100 stars… Expand
La película es muy buena. Esa mezcla entre realidad y ficción siempre me ha gustado mucho de Marvel. 10/10 y esperando la secuela.
I was so afraid that huge expectations will left me disappointed with this movie. I'm glad it didn't happen. Not even close. Infinity War with a doubt is one of the best comic book movies ever made and for me, it's the most favourite MCUI was so afraid that huge expectations will left me disappointed with this movie. I'm glad it didn't happen. Not even close. Infinity War with a doubt is one of the best comic book movies ever made and for me, it's the most favourite MCU movie by far. Story, humor, visuals, action - all is done on high-level. Thanos is the best comic book villain and for me, he's on the same level with Heath Ledger's The Joker. I really hope Avengers 4 will live up to the quality of this movie.… Expand
With all 18 MCU film been leading up to infinity war, this film did not disappoint. The humour was a light hearted and similar to other marvel movies but the film didn't have that tone throughout. There were some scenes such as the death of half the cast (especially spider man) that made me very shocked and almost wretched as you get an attachment to all these characters during the buildup to this film. But with films like ant man and the wasp coming out and rumoured films like spider man homecoming 2 and black panther 2, this almost gets rid of the sorrow you feel when they die. But it ends with a very good plot twist when you see the logo for captain marvel at the end.… Expand
To be honest, I don't really understand the hype for this particular movie, I could name at least three, or even four MCU movies that in my opinion were much better. This felt like a very long prelude to Infinity War Part II, not a standaloneTo be honest, I don't really understand the hype for this particular movie, I could name at least three, or even four MCU movies that in my opinion were much better. This felt like a very long prelude to Infinity War Part II, not a standalone movie. CGI fest of beating, beating, battles, battles and making the same old jokes over and over again. I'm not saying it's bad, I'm just saying it's not THAT good. Has some good bits, though and Thanos, being a surprisingly complex, grey-ish character, makes one of the best (if not the best) MCU villains ever.… Expand
Though a lot of bad things have been said about the hulk and how this movie was done, I'd still give it a higher review.We must remember this movie was 149 mins long, of course some parts were gonna be underwhelming.The movie is a terrific set up for the next part and will be longer and better than this one… Expand
Personally, I believe this movie lived up to the hype surrounding it. I was expecting a lot since there was so much secrecy around it, and now I understand why. The movie did a good job of combining light humor and action, without being overPersonally, I believe this movie lived up to the hype surrounding it. I was expecting a lot since there was so much secrecy around it, and now I understand why. The movie did a good job of combining light humor and action, without being over the top or too cheesy. There were a few twists that were unexpected, but I am hoping the second part will clear some of these things up. Combining all the different heroes was a risk, but it seemed to work out (although some parts throughout were a little choppy). In my opinion, there were a few stand out characters that are finally getting the recognition they deserve. I also thought the way they portrayed the villain was great, probably the best Marvel has done so far. They have been leading up to this character for so long, that it would have been a big let-down if the character didn't deliver. Like I mentioned early, I am excited to see how the second movie ties up the loose ends left from the first. To wrap things up, I think this movie was good and definitely one you should watch more than once.… Expand
Loved it. I have waited 10 years for this movie and wasn't disappointed once. Constant surprises, tension, action and excitement.
A missed opportunity, there are some good action sequences and also some witty and genuinely funny moments...but when real grit is required, a bit of substance, some actual jeopardy - this is sorely lacking. In particular one scene where youA missed opportunity, there are some good action sequences and also some witty and genuinely funny moments...but when real grit is required, a bit of substance, some actual jeopardy - this is sorely lacking. In particular one scene where you finally think a lead hero has finally been outgunned he is rescued...and a great scene becomes a shameless tease.… Expand
Even though it was 2 1/2 hours long it didn't feel like it at all. Good to finally see all these characters come together!.!.!
5.4/10It’s just so boring and we know everything that’s gonna happen after anyway. They should have just made this a one part
"Avengers: Infinity War" is without a doubt an excellent movie, although not exactly one you could say that you "had fun" while watching.
The culmination of all of Marvel Cinematic Universe, frantic, sometimes humorous. This is one of the most serious films in this universe, sometimes tragic.Without getting into spoilers, Thanos steals the show.
Congratulations to Josh BrolinThe culmination of all of Marvel Cinematic Universe, frantic, sometimes humorous. This is one of the most serious films in this universe, sometimes tragic.Without getting into spoilers, Thanos steals the show.Congratulations to Josh Brolin for a villain to remember and actually understandable.A must see.… Expand
La pelicula genero tanta emocion porque previo ha esto lanzaron como 18 peliculas de cada vengador que aparece, si alguien quiere entender lo que esta pasando tiene que ver como 5 peliculas de marvel ,aun asi esto es la conclusion ha todo yLa pelicula genero tanta emocion porque previo ha esto lanzaron como 18 peliculas de cada vengador que aparece, si alguien quiere entender lo que esta pasando tiene que ver como 5 peliculas de marvel ,aun asi esto es la conclusion ha todo y hasta yo me emocione cuando la vi pero al final era obvio que thanos iba a ganar no por eso hay 2 partes y lo anunciaron antes de que salga esta pelicula. En general en cuanto diseño visual y escenas de accion es muy buena la mayor parte de los personajes o vienen de antes y avanzan poco o son muy poco explorados, en cuanto a thanos me gusto que fuera un villano con un objetivo claro y un caracter definido no como los otros y intentan forzar momentos emocionales pero poner a llorar a tus personajes no es emotivo.Y a veces incluso llega a ser un hipocrita puesto que se supone que solo mata a la mitad de la poblacion y thor afirma que aniquilo a los nova corp de xandar y vemos como no dejo supervivientes en knowhere. Esta no es una mala pelicula pero esta muy lejos de ser destacable.… Expand
It was a great movie and not too overcrowded.I like how they divided the characters into different sections and not add ant man and hawkye.they were great characters but if they were added in the movie would feel more stuffed and not asIt was a great movie and not too overcrowded.I like how they divided the characters into different sections and not add ant man and hawkye.they were great characters but if they were added in the movie would feel more stuffed and not as entertaining as the final cut… Expand
Wow. I was really surprised by this film. It's the 3rd Avengers film. Can't wait for Part 2
Avengers: Infinity War ReviewCinematography: 9.213/10 Flows and looks well. Marvel Studios continues improving their ability to capture necessary action which propels the film in a fun and interesting way for the audience as well as for theAvengers: Infinity War ReviewCinematography: 9.213/10 Flows and looks well. Marvel Studios continues improving their ability to capture necessary action which propels the film in a fun and interesting way for the audience as well as for the stories to come.Costume Design: 9.699/10 Every character's backstory supports their costume design. Each costume is of a cause which supports a consistently developing narrative.Film Editing: 8.823/10 There are a few awkward jump moments the film is forcing audience members to believe. The element of surprise that works in horror-thriller-suspense type films is a very gripping element. Ominous music and a random divine attack which saves a situation draws me to question the comic book elements which support the film's characters and stories. At least comic books show the reason the seemingly divine attack may happen (through an additional scene or so) so as to replace that divine element with a level of skill a hero or heroine is known to be capable of. Make-up and Hair-styling: 9.499/10 These characters really look similar to their comic book predecessors and actually look battle-war torn. Sound Editing: 8.913/10 The voice-overs are solid. The sounds are believable. It takes skill to make ominous music work in films especially since ominous music seems so readily available. Scores and soundtracks that belongs to films or games like Titanic, A Beautiful Mind, Jurassic Park, The Bodyguard, Star Wars,  Final Fantasy Seven, and Final Fantasy Eight - to name a few - are rare.Visual Effects: 9.856/10 One of the strongest affecting points of Marvel Studios especially in Avengers: Infinity War. Story: 7.732/10 The story is fun and light. Beyond me wanting to see more action, I find myself more drawn to the dynamics of individual stories which I believe is core to the reason for me even wanting to watch Avengers: Infinity War. Acting: 9.392/10 There is a good balance between the acting partners: the audience is given a bit of each acting partner. There is always a lightness in the dialogue which always makes the potential outcome seem likely to be a pleasant one: I think this element of acting assists the film's suspense. Personal: Avengers: Infinity Wars is a part in the series which contributes to the ever progressing story line from Marvel Studios: they're entertaining to watch and seem to be allowing more room for acting partners to showcase their abilities on a different stage - in a different light. The plays of divine intervention and gods really takes away from the skillful aspects of which I greatly appreciate in heroic type films: I'm sure you're able to narrow down heroic partners I appreciate  by this statement. Otherwise, when a heroic film is done well, it's usually fun to watch. If I'm alive, I'll be going to watch the next one. Overall: 9.140/10-K.D.If you're into Poetry and other bits of creativity, check out my Instagram: @Dufreshest.… Expand
Wow! That was all I could think of when I walked out of the theater after seeing Avengers: Infinity War. In short, it was spectacular. The visuals were stunning, the score fit the mood just right, and spectacular performances were deliveredWow! That was all I could think of when I walked out of the theater after seeing Avengers: Infinity War. In short, it was spectacular. The visuals were stunning, the score fit the mood just right, and spectacular performances were delivered by Benedict Cumberbatch(Doctor Strange), Robert Downey Jr.(Iron Man), and of course Josh Brolin who played Thanos, a menacing, yet oddly complex antagonist.The sheer number of A-list actors and heroes in this movie is indeed a little overwhelming at times, but the Russo brothers did a commendable job at making sure that each hero still felt unique, and part of the team. The acting was definitely one of the strongpoints of the movie, as was the screenwriting which was able to created a genuine relationship between the many members of the Avengers. The storyline of Avengers: Infinity War also delivered much more of a punch than expected. Diverging from the standard Marvel movie storyline worked incredibly well, and I genuinely was not sure what was going to happen until the absolute last shot of the film. The Russo brothers clearly left room for a sequel, but even with the cliffhanger ending, the story seems to wrap itself up rather nicely. When I saw the film on opening night, the theater was packed with well over 100 people in attendance. By the end of the film not a single person said a word, the theater was completely silent. Overall Avengers: Infinity War was a fantastic movie. It delivered dazzling sequences of action, incredible visuals, and enough emotional punch to make me question everything I understood about the Avengers. Is this film free from flaw? Absolutely not, but it is one of the best films of the year by far, and with a budget exceeding a quarter of a billion dollars, it certainly lived up to expectations. 9/10 - TJ… Expand
A wonderful coming together of previous characters from the MCU. This film would be confusing viewing for anyone unfamiliar with a decent amount of the previous films. Thanos not only looks fantastic, but also is written and performedA wonderful coming together of previous characters from the MCU. This film would be confusing viewing for anyone unfamiliar with a decent amount of the previous films. Thanos not only looks fantastic, but also is written and performed beautifully. Perfectly balanced humour and drama. Which is saying something considering the amount of characters at play. Unusually, some distractingly bad CGI in some areas, as if they concentrated elsewhere and neglected certain characters (e.g. Carrie Coon's Proxima Midnight). Peter Dinklage also gives one of the worst performances in the whole of the MCU so far… Expand
Great first half of a movie. I assume my ticket is still valid for the second half. The scene where Star Lord is imitating Thor's voice is so cringe and probably the only bad bit in the movie. My favourite bit is Bucky asking Cap if the other guys surrendered.… Expand
I really have mixed feelings about infinity war. One side tells me that it's one of the besf MCU movies while the other side tells me it's a complete mess of CGI and michael bayism but it still didn't  fail to deliver. It started right withI really have mixed feelings about infinity war. One side tells me that it's one of the besf MCU movies while the other side tells me it's a complete mess of CGI and michael bayism but it still didn't  fail to deliver. It started right with the action and never stopped and it didn't have a boring introduction story to Thanos and never felt dragged. The acting was good for the most part and the CGI was gorgeous. But still, with so many characters some of them felt misplaced. Like captain America who  saved scarlet witch and vision at the begining and then he was useless for the rest of the movie. Same thing can be said about black widow. But holy moly Thanos was a great villain. He wasn't like ultron from avengers age of garbage. An evil robot who wants to destroy the world that also tells unfunny jokes. (Jesus Christ that movie sucked). He had a reason, a personality, he had a conflict not only with the avengers but with himself. At one point he killed his most beloved daughter just to get the soul stone and he dropped one tear for her. But. But my most major problems with infinity war were the lack of plot, the whole plot is just an incomprehensible madness and the very green screeny shots. Every shot felt like green screen. I couldn't rest my eyes. It even felt green screeny on earth. Everything was green screen. But overall I had a lot of fun watching infinity war and I think it's a good movie.… Expand
Best superhero movie ever. No doubt. For those who will say the dark knight, i will say that it pretty close. Infinity War excels in humor, emotion, villains, stakes, visuals, the chemistry between actors, and while you dont get enoughBest superhero movie ever. No doubt. For those who will say the dark knight, i will say that it pretty close. Infinity War excels in humor, emotion, villains, stakes, visuals, the chemistry between actors, and while you dont get enough screen-time to compare both movie's characters i could say both are on the same level with heath ledger, Tom Holland, josh brolin being the standouts. The dark knight does offer a more thought provoking complex story and does stand alone better than IW. But about Infinity War. Thanos is one of cinema's best villains. He is easily one of the frightening and possibly the strongest villain in all of film. He is after all the first villain to succeed in his plan.He is developed, complex and engaging as a character possibly more than the avengers in this movie. He has strong motivations, is interesting with good reason and backstory to back them up. While the other characters dont get full arcs, many of them get amazing and great moments to shine. Particularly, Thor and Iron Man who i could say get full arcs. They sidelined Cap, Natasha and no hawk-eye but i will hold on the criticisms until i see the 4th one. The actors have amazing, unforgettable and special chemistry between each other. The Heart and soul of Infinity War. The story is simple, but lots of great masterpieces have simple stories like Star Wars, Indiana Jones, Jurassic Park, etc. But it is engaging and enjoyable than most other marvel movies. The ending is really ballsy. Yes they probably will undo it come the next one, but to leave audiences like that answer-less for a year is a huge risk that payed off. The movie is game changing and mixes the marvel formula with some new ingredients. The CGI is at it's best and with some shots off but it makes sense. The CGI in this movie is like 98% necessary too. Beautiful movie to look at with vibrant colors and good effects. The action is quite simply put exile rating offering some of my favorites in recent years. It is well shot, fun, has stakes and darn well entertaining. The Music is awesome, enough said. The movie is probably the best superhero movie experience that feels like you are flipping through the pages of a comic book. Which i love. The movie is tons of fun the most fun i had in a theater ever. As for flaws there arent any. Some people say this movie does not stand alone. I disagree. Yes the movie is better if you view the others before but they do a good job of catching you up. As long as you dont know some characters you will be fine. The sequel could make this one worse or better, but in this one there is a beginning, middle and end as the movie is told from Thanos' perspective. This story is complete but i assume the next one will deal with the avengers more and make up for lost screen time. Well that was a masterpiece. Also the pacing is easily top 3 most well paced movies maybe first in superhero movies. The movie never stops and is always exiting and fun. It is 2.5 hours long but feels like 1.75 hours. Love this movie. Well scripted and well told. Cant wait to see the next one. I could say more but this review is already long.… Expand
Infinity War is an awesome movie where we see our favorite superheroes clash with the Mad Titan Thanos. By the end, I am feeling both feelings of sadness and anger. One of the reasons I felt this way was because nothing feels permanent. We see Heimdall, Loki, Gamora, Dr. Strange, Spider-Man, Black Panther, Star-Lord, Drax, Mantis, Bucky/Winter Soldier, Scarlet Witch, Vision, Groot, Falcon, Nick Fury, and Mira Hill die. I can say that at least 80% of those characters will come back. NOTHING is permanent. All of those characters will come back. All of the Avengers survive, too. We were begging to see Iron Man or Captain America die, and they kill all of the new Avengers who have only had about 3 movies. Dr. Strange also literally says that even if Thor went for the head, they would have lost. I guess Strange might have only known what that group could have done to win, but still. Also, why didn't we get to see Thanos fighting with all of the Stones? That would have made a way better fight sequence. At least one person would fight back when Thanos was about to snap. Thanos complains and whines about Thor not going for the head, but on Iron Man he goes so far from the head. Thanos seems like the guy who would do whatever it takes, but he literally only kills 4 heroes on his own: Heimdall, Loki, Gamora, and Vision. That's sad. The Red Skull's appearance is pretty cool though. I really thought that the guy who played him in that one scene did a pretty good job. I think that the best scene was the Titan Battle, as it demonstrates actual teamwork until Star-Lord blows it. My one critique for that scene was: Why didn't Mantis use her powers to make Thanos sleep? Also, why did no one try to chop Thanos' arm off at all during the film? That would have been actually smart. I gotta say that Stormbreaker is undeniably cool. I wonder if a new baby Groot will form on the handle. I'm going to say that the Visual effects are really cool in the film for 90% of the time. When Thanos is swimming on Vormir after getting the Soul Stone, he looks so fake and it hurts my eyes to look at it. I liked this film still. I give it a 9 out of 10, just saying that some of the visuals could have been way better and the character's brains are off for about 45% of the film's run time. I can't wait to get this film on 4k and watch it again.… Expand
With the quality picture,acting, and the story of the movie into consideration, I give this movie an overall score of 9 out of 10. The acting was pretty good. I give acting a 9. There was only one character that made me cringe. For quality ofWith the quality picture,acting, and the story of the movie into consideration, I give this movie an overall score of 9 out of 10. The acting was pretty good. I give acting a 9. There was only one character that made me cringe. For quality of picture, the movie deserves a 10. The special effects were awesome. The story is perfect; A 10 out of 10 goes for the story as well. I cannot wait for part two!… Expand
Avengers: Infinity War #FuLL_Movie ",. (Online.Free). (English_2018) - [HD Q'1080p]❖Eng.Sub❖Avengers: Infinity War Full_Movie [[MAXHD_Online]] (2018-Free Download) 720p-1080pWATCH- Avengers: Infinity War FULL "MOVIE '2018' ONLINE FREE [putlockers]Free.2018 ~ "Avengers: Infinity War Full 'ONLINE' Movie [HD_Streaming.Free] Unlimited-DownloadDOWN-LOAD !! Avengers: Infinity War Full Movie 2018 HD Online VODLOCKER | 720p-1080p..................  Watch Now! ►► Watch Avengers: Infinity War For Free online Watch Now! ►► http://123.moviestvhd.win/movie/299536/avengers-infinity-war.html… Expand
Me esperaba mucho menos, y es impresionante, Marvel sigue sin defraudar, aqui tienen otro fan incondicional.
Avengers: Infinity War delivers a nail-biting experience for families who have a lust for action-packed movies, filled with disasters and mayhem, and overall incredibly exciting nonetheless. The movie itself however, delivers some faults. For example, we see the deaths of many characters within the film, making it hopeless for somebody's favourite character to stay alive until the end. Either way, recommended to all.… Expand
You should already be aware that this movie ties together plot threads from other movies. There are too many characters and the ending is unbelievable because the audience is aware of other sequels in development that couldn't be made if theYou should already be aware that this movie ties together plot threads from other movies. There are too many characters and the ending is unbelievable because the audience is aware of other sequels in development that couldn't be made if the ending was to stand. Thanos is a good villain, which is an achievement for Marvel. This movie is much bigger in scope and has some fun set pieces. I enjoyed this as an action romp and a good mash up of characters that were already developed in other movies.… Expand
Avengers Infinity War in my personal opinion the best MCU movie to date. The movie does almost everything well. The reason I think the movie works is because its a darker MCU film. This hits us harder because we're not expecting it and it also changes the MCU formula by having the heroes left defenceless and vulnerable while Thanos exhales in relief and satisfaction. We have never seen this in an MCU film which surprising us and making us feel the same way as the heroes. There are many things that make this film great but I think this is the biggest reason why this movie was such a success. (and come on Metacritic! only 68!?! Ant-Man and The Wasp got 70!?)… Expand
I honestly didn't expect to watch a movie that was THAT impressive ! I was not necessarily into superhero movies before but after watching this movie, I started to be interested by everything that surrounds the Marvel universe. I loved everyI honestly didn't expect to watch a movie that was THAT impressive ! I was not necessarily into superhero movies before but after watching this movie, I started to be interested by everything that surrounds the Marvel universe. I loved every second of the movie, funny, breathtaking and absolutely insane.… Expand
Good visual effects and good sound but a very bad script full of many bad jokes, this movie is a 10 for the fans of Marvel but for the rest of the world it is a 7 or 6.Disney please stop making movies.
before I saw this film, I thought the MCU was mostly giving up on less Joyful and more Human tones for there movies and just making a Totally Joyful and Rainbow coated though still entertaining Live Action superhero cartoons. but I wasbefore I saw this film, I thought the MCU was mostly giving up on less Joyful and more Human tones for there movies and just making a Totally Joyful and Rainbow coated though still entertaining Live Action superhero cartoons. but I was genuinely surprised to see this film actually go to some Darker Places. sure it still has the typical Funny Marvel humor fans are so used to, but for the most part, it took a lot of Risks. and knowing how dark this film was compared to the other films in this series, I hope this means Marvel will make the decision to make a "Moon Knight" movie rather than just a Netlix series… Expand
To fully understand this film, you need to know Marvel to have any clue to know what will be happening in the film. If you know the Marvel franchise, you will find this film extremely entertaining. In my opinion, the new film, Infinity War,To fully understand this film, you need to know Marvel to have any clue to know what will be happening in the film. If you know the Marvel franchise, you will find this film extremely entertaining. In my opinion, the new film, Infinity War, was one of the best films Marvel had produced.One of the best characteristics throughout the film, was the humor. If it was not for the characters on-point humor, the film would not have achieved such excellence in critic's ratings. The film in total, is filled with comedy, action packed, drama filled, and for the ladies, has romance.If you are a person that loves plot twists, this film will leave you in absolute awe. The film will have you seated on the edge of your seat, biting your nails, and have you struggling to catch your breath of laughter. I would give the film a rating of 9/10. The reason being the massive plot twist. However, the twist provides the perfect ending for an even better following film, and has left many even more excited about the next big release.… Expand
This is the best movie from Marvel's universe in my opinion. It's collected in himself every marvelous pieces from Marvel's visual and action that was before and increased by 100500 times with adding the dramatic part. Well done, guys!
I enjoy the movie they put all the Marvel heroes together. but I'm a bit disappointed because I wanted to see the whole story but I have to wait for the second part to come out in the cinema… Expand
I really want to give ten, but I can't. I hated that they just degraded Doctor Strange "a stonekeeper". God, he is a really powerfull character. He had to did much more things what he did. He could do more! I know he is not a warrior, he is a new man, ha can't be "the hero" because someone else has more fans... -.-" But. He could defeat Thanos I don't know why Russos didn't do that. By the way, it was a good movie but I cried at the end.… Expand
Finally seeing the first compelling villain in a Marvel film was what did it for me. Thanos felt like the first villain that was more powerful than the “World’s Mightiest Heroes”. I just loved seeing everybody come together for a greatFinally seeing the first compelling villain in a Marvel film was what did it for me. Thanos felt like the first villain that was more powerful than the “World’s Mightiest Heroes”. I just loved seeing everybody come together for a great  choreographed battle in the lush setting of Wakanda. Can’t wait until Avengers 4. 9/10.… Expand
One of the best marvel movies of all time. Hopefully Endgame can pull off a great ending for the Infinity war saga.
While Infinity War is flawed, it's in the same way that The Force Awakens is flawed. The film manages to successfully combine multiple heroes with differing personalities and put them in a story with a great villain and a jaw-dropping twist.
I'm not the most qualified person to be writing a review for this, but I do think it was a great movie. I can appreciate the use of color to further separate the different settings of the movie (Green and yellow for Earth, Red and Orange for Titan, and Blue and Black for Thor & his journey with Rocket). Moreover, I also like the way they use Thanos to tell the story, and the amount of time used to flesh him out as a character, and make him relatable, despite being a near-sociopathic antagonist.I will now try to address some of the most common issues that people have with this movie.Many people are irritated with Thanos' fixation on wiping out half the universe, despite how his motivation for doing so makes no sense once he has the Infinity Stones. However, Thanos has been trying to fix a finite resource problem for decades, and now has so much tunnel vision, and has become so fixated on the solution that he already had (kill half of the population), that rather than finding another solution (create more/infinite resources), he simply tried to find the quickest way to his current solution. Thanos is called The Mad Titan for a reason. He was so fixated on his current solution, that he lost is sanity and could not comprehend another solution.The biggest problem many have with the movie is Star-Lord's actions on Titan, arguably directly resulting in Thanos' victory. But, Star-Lord has NEVER been portrayed as being able to control his emotions. In Guardians of the Galaxy vol. 2, when he hears about Ego killing his mother, Star-Lord does not think, he simply pulls out his gun and unloads the magazine into Ego. Because of this, Star-Lord's actions in Infinity War, while not justified, are not out of character nor are they unreasonable from a story telling perspective.Like I said, not the most qualified person to be writing a movie review, but I need start somewhere. Feel free to dump on me if it makes you feel better because my opinion wasn't close enough to yours, or because I suck as a reviewer.… Expand
Loved this movie.Visually astonishing, great acting, great story.Very enjoyable.Hats off to the directors and crew; sterling job.Brolin's spectacular as the mad titan.
Perhaps the completion to 10 years of MCU could have been better in major aspects , but it's not disappointing. But the conclusion makes us wait a lot for the next. It satisfies, but not all. 7.5/10
Wow! The third installment to Avengers was mind-blowing. I watched it with a friend and afterward we talked for a solid hour about how great it was.Pros:- Finally, Marvel took risks in their movies! And big ones too. I did not expect Heimdall and Loki to die in the beginning. It took Marvel 10 years, but they finally made bold moves in their films.- The story is not only coherent but new.- CGI and practical effects looked great.- I cannot name one time when an actor sucked! Tom Holland when he said "Mr. Stark, I don't feel so good." was gold!- Thanos is scary, well-written and we even learn why he wants the infinity stones.- Thanos' henchmen actually seemed to cause real havoc on our heroes. The henchmen in most movies seem quite pointless and "why do we care about them" thing. Furthermore, this mashup (where we get the guardian of the galaxy, Avengers, black panther, doctor strange, and a few others) is so well done. It blew my friend's mind and mine too. Nothing felt awkward or stiff when we had all those different heroes teaming up against Thanos.- Very well choreographed fight sequences.- The movie manages to insert scenes with Thanos and Gamora, the heroes grouping together, a coherent plot, and actions scenes every so often in a way that makes perfect sense.- Gamora's and Vision's development in this film made me legitimately sad when they were both brutally murdered by Thanos.- Music was fantastic!- I'm sure a lot of fans enjoyed all those heroes with different powers in the same movie.- The ending had me shocked (in a good way).- Wow, Marvel finally let the villain win one film! I mean, firstly this make sequels easier to make and second, doesn't having the heroes win every film get boring and predictable after a while?Cons:- That moment when Star-Lord asks the whereabouts of Gamora to Thanos and Thanos confirms that he killed her, Star-Lord does the stupidest, most uncharacteristic thing I think I've seen in a film. He literally smacks Thanos with his gun. And he does this when Iron Man, Spider-Man, Doctor Strange, and Mantis are trying to remove the gauntlet from Thanos. This allows Thanos to become free on his "mind grip" Mantis put on him. Star-Lord knows that half the universe is in danger yet he still lets his anger make the decision. From all the development we saw from Star-Lord in both GOTG films, it's told us that he should at the very least ensure the gauntlet is off Thanos' hand and then he can do all the smacking he wants. It really sucks because the plot from this point relies on Star-Lord doing something unnecessary, stupid, and couldn't wait for 5 more seconds. In other words, half the universe dies because of our 'hero' Star-Lord did something unnecessary, stupid, and couldn't wait for 5 more seconds.… Expand
Cool movie.The principal reason that this movie worked out so well is because you literally care about every single one of them, you care about them and feel for them… Expand
A great movie on all parts. Amazing villian and storyline, but the whole film was dragged by some points. Too long non-meaninful fights, unimportant dialogs etc. Yet, I enjoyed the film and especially the ending.
Bit of a let down, hammy villain with nonsensical scheme, too much cgi, all attack the villain one at a time... where is the hulk? hiding because he's upset. The movie is mostly held up by the characters people are attached to and the weightBit of a let down, hammy villain with nonsensical scheme, too much cgi, all attack the villain one at a time... where is the hulk? hiding because he's upset. The movie is mostly held up by the characters people are attached to and the weight of the years and movies behind them. I dislike these comic book movies that get too large and have too much cgi.… Expand
"Avengers: Infinity War" is a tremendous achievement, filled with mind-blowing action sequences, fantastic chemistry between the ensemble cast, and gives us most certainly the best, most well-developed, terrifying villain yet in the MCU.
This movie is a beaty in multiple ways. Its wondeful to see all the characters we love together against one big menace: Thanos , the star of the movie, perfectly acted by josh brolin .
It's a must see movie for any marvel fan, 10 years in the making full of shocks and surprises
It's the best movie of all time.But i hate the ending it had.I'll give it a 10… Expand
I think it’s an awesome movie they made a hell of end keep working marvel team wish you the best guys
This movie is a really good movie, great acting; very entertaining action scenes and a solid plot. I cant say I have any problems with the movie. I love that the movie isn't afraid to be dark and serious, and the conclusion is very satisfyingThis movie is a really good movie, great acting; very entertaining action scenes and a solid plot. I cant say I have any problems with the movie. I love that the movie isn't afraid to be dark and serious, and the conclusion is very satisfying and sad at the same time. I definitely recommend The Avengers Infinity War!… Expand
Name: Avengers: Infinity WarRelease Date: April 27, 2018My Rating: 9.4/10Star Rating: ★★★★★★★★★Enjoyability Rating: AwesometacularPossible Points: 66/70
The hype for Infinity War was unreal, and Marvel delivered. You've got 30 characters that gotta have at least some level of spotlight, and they manage to give each and every single one of them their fair share. The main storyline is great asThe hype for Infinity War was unreal, and Marvel delivered. You've got 30 characters that gotta have at least some level of spotlight, and they manage to give each and every single one of them their fair share. The main storyline is great as well, not just something they plucked out of the air to make Thanos a villain.… Expand
While it's true that the point of the film is to have many characters and not waste time on development, it even so feels rushed and stuffed.  This is Marvel visual spectacle at it's purest, don't come expecting any kind of real characterWhile it's true that the point of the film is to have many characters and not waste time on development, it even so feels rushed and stuffed.  This is Marvel visual spectacle at it's purest, don't come expecting any kind of real character development.  But for what it is, it sure is glorious.… Expand
This movie is a thrill ride and joyous time for those watching, especially if you have seen the rest of the films. There is so much that has been built up for so long that it makes this culmination of beloved characters so rewarding. WhatThis movie is a thrill ride and joyous time for those watching, especially if you have seen the rest of the films. There is so much that has been built up for so long that it makes this culmination of beloved characters so rewarding. What really helps this movie thrive and bring itself above the precedent of being just another super hero movie, is its amazing focus on it's villain and showcasing what his motivations are. There is so much that has gone into this film and the directors of the project really deliver in what is easily the most important and best Marvel Cinematic Universe film to date.… Expand
The movie is a highlight itself. The action doesn't stop for a second. Perfect end for this 18-movies Universe.
Brilliant. The Marvel Cinematic Universe spearheaded by Kevin Feige never disappoints. They know the formula on how to make one a supporter and make them emotionally invested.
I was getting pretty bored of all the repetetive movies that Marvel released in these past years but im glad i went to watch Avengers:Infinity War in theaters because if i didnt id miss a really  good movie.I loved the villain and his idea ofI was getting pretty bored of all the repetetive movies that Marvel released in these past years but im glad i went to watch Avengers:Infinity War in theaters because if i didnt id miss a really  good movie.I loved the villain and his idea of how to save the world and all the action and comedy and characters working together to stop him.Its a must watch even if you haven't watched any of the previous Avengers movies… Expand
The hype for Infinity War was unreal, and Marvel delivered. You've got 30 characters that gotta have at least some level of spotlight, and they manage to give each and every single one of them their fair share.
Note:8.6Infinite war is a good movie, but NOT PERFECT. It reunites almost all the super heroes of the MCU, fun,with a very good villain that you understand the side of him, and with very shocking scenes, the script is very superficial andNote:8.6Infinite war is a good movie, but NOT PERFECT. It reunites almost all the super heroes of the MCU, fun,with a very good villain that you understand the side of him, and with very shocking scenes, the script is very superficial and basic and the movie could be a little longer with a very CGI good in some moments and more in others, but it's impossible you did not like this movie.… Expand
Well, it's all started with a big hit operation credit, then it's all came with the most exciting action sequence in the MCU. I have no comment on the movie until the final fight, which it was so short but thrilling. Then I saw Thanos weak... So weak. I wanted to see more avengers vs Thanos. The ending was great, exciting and thrilling. Which is makes me so excited and impatient to see the next avengers movie, which I hope it has an epic final fight. But it really is the best movie in the MCU.… Expand
This movie kept me on the edge of my seat. I was expected for the Russo's to completely disappoint me with some type of bogus way Thanos gets all the stones, but the inclusion of Red Skull genuinely blew my mind to shreds. Josh Brolin did a great job playing Thanos and can't wait to see what happens next.… Expand
I expected it to be mediocre but didnt end up like it. Pretty good movie even though there are a some  P.I.S . The visuals are great, story is decent to make me interested and watch the Part 2, characters are well....cool. Pretty goodI expected it to be mediocre but didnt end up like it. Pretty good movie even though there are a some  P.I.S . The visuals are great, story is decent to make me interested and watch the Part 2, characters are well....cool. Pretty good definitely the best movie of 2018. Not a masterpiece but good.… Expand
TESTldskjfglskjg;alfdjgal;fdjgajfg;alfdkjnglsfdjglfdklfdkgjaldfjgljalfdkjgalfdkjgfd
I really liked the movie and I think you should watch BUT there is a problem: MOST of your favorite heroes died so in the next one there won't be Spiderman, black panther ect.… Expand
In my Opinion it's the best Marvel Movie they make. The Story is epic and I cannot wait for the prequel.
This was the best film of the 2018 even if with the finger snap of Thanos the most part of the superheroes dies (Black Panther,Spider-Man,Bucky,Groot,Drax,StarLord,Mantis,Falcon,Doctor Strange,Maria Hill and Nick Fury)… Expand
Infinity War definitely gives the Marvel fans what they deserve. Unlike in many movies, the audience actually doubts whether the heroes are going to win, since the antagonist Thanos has been teased for nearly 8 years as the ultimate villainInfinity War definitely gives the Marvel fans what they deserve. Unlike in many movies, the audience actually doubts whether the heroes are going to win, since the antagonist Thanos has been teased for nearly 8 years as the ultimate villain of MCU. This makes the film really intriguing. Also, Thanos gets a significant amount of screentime that makes it clear why he is the most powerful villain Avengers have ever faced. You can feel the menace of his presence, which is something that we didn't taste in Marvel movies for a very long time. This makes me think if Marvel's prevalent humorous tone was intentional all this time, because Thanos is mostly in contrast with the usual lighthearted atmosphere of the MCU, and this makes him seem like he can actually defeat the Avengers, who are already weakened by inner conflicts. Although all Marvel movies are fun to watch, Infinity War has its own place as it is the climax of the MCU continuity, and it is a rare one with its different tone.… Expand
“We don’t trade lives”Avengers: Infinity War (NO SPOILERS)

Metanarrative Score(20/20) It’s great to see so many threads from the MCU come together.

Opening Scene Score (10/10) The best opening scene since Raiders.

Humor Score(2/3) It’s a“We don’t trade lives”Avengers: Infinity War (NO SPOILERS)Metanarrative Score(20/20) It’s great to see so many threads from the MCU come together.Opening Scene Score (10/10) The best opening scene since Raiders.Humor Score(2/3) It’s a delicate balance but, like Ragnarok, this movie feels too serious for this much humor.Hulk Score(1/2) A chance worth taking I suppose but I didn’t resonate with the use of The Hulk in this film.Fight Scene Score (20/20) Through the end of the 3rd fight scene this may have been the best action picture of all time.“We don’t trade lives”/”There was no other way” Score(1/3) Open to revision upon further reflection.Time Stone Score (0/2) This is the most narratively complex aspect of the movie and the question of Dr. Strange’s position with regard to the stone needed more explanation. Open to revision upon further reflection.Heroes acting stupid Score(0/3) If you’re going to lose a battle be outfought, not outthought.The-Riders-of-Rohan-come-to-Pelennor-Fields Score(10/10) Welcome to Wakanda, Thor.Self-Sacrificing-Nature-of-Love-Score (30/30) I could not help but be reminded all through this film that what so many were so hesitant, or so unwilling, to do, and what Abraham was not required to do on Mt. Moriah, God did on Calvary.(94/100)… Expand
This work of art deserves to be highlighted and remembered as one of the best cinematographic events of all time.Everything is well structured and balanced.THANOS is what the MCU needed.
This movie was fantastic. Amazing. Breathtaking.One of the greatest movies of our time. Especially if you've watched all the other installments of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.From the beginning to the end, this movie delivers on allThis movie was fantastic. Amazing. Breathtaking.One of the greatest movies of our time. Especially if you've watched all the other installments of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.From the beginning to the end, this movie delivers on all fronts.You want breathtaking action scenes? You got it!You want plot twists? You got it!You want the greatest comic book movie villain ever? You got it!You want comedy and laughs? You got it! Each actor gives it their best and the movie is extremely well written, keeping you on the edge of your seat and being bolder than any superhero movie before it.Best movie I've ever seen.… Expand
This is an awesome movie. It has a lot of action and laughs. And by a lot, I mean a lot. But over all it is'nt my favorite movie but it is my second favorite movie.
I appreciate the length of time this film has been in the making with the quite tiresome releases of marvel movies seemingly every other month. However, combining a huge cast of superheroes and "characters" may be enough to generate a large amount of hype amongst energy drink fuelled teenagers, you still need a genuine story and character to make a movie good. Which makes me happy to say that infintiy war (greatly helped by the recent release of black panther) was an original take on the genre. It was a well made movie, but with that budget, I would be offended if it wasn't. The movie has variety to keep your attention. However, the one biggest flaw in all superheroe movies is that the ending is always predictable, the good guys win. So the ending of this movie seems to go against this 100% trend right? There is no plot twist here. With a money hungry franchise such as all superheroe movies, they do not kill of their way of making money which are the supereroes (why couldn't we just bury superman and go home). So what should of been a heartfelt moment of loss really just turned into a "previously on unoriginal movie" sequence for part 2 which we automatically knew was happening as soon as more than one charcter turned to ash. Yes this movie is good....for a superheroe move, and to say that at this late stage in the genre is a huge compliment. I am waiting for a superheroe movie to cast a great actor who takes a character and makes it their own......que Jake Gyllenhaal.… Expand
Great visuals and performances, awesome action sequences and a memorable villian. Avengers is one of the best MCU movies and one of the best movies I have ever seen in my entire life, can’t wait for Avengers: Endgame.
Me as a fan of MCU, I got it everything i've ever wanted in a superhero movie. In this movie they show us why Thanos is the greatest villain in the Marvel comic books. I totally love this movie and I will never forget this experience.
The Best Movie Ever Made (TBH), and the Best MCU Movie Ever Made, It has some Sad Death Scenes including Peter Parker, Groot, Bucky, and much much more, I Hope Marvel will have more good ideas for Movies.… Expand
It's touching at last 1 hour.Sometimes it's thriller,but sometimes it's bored.It's a good movie in MCU series.
A great entry point to a massive shift in what we know. By the end you arent sure if you're left wanting more, or if you've had enough. Which is a very very good thing...
One of the best 2018 movie and Best Marvel movie,Thanos is a good character
The best comic book movie I've ever seen! Everything in it is in a perfect balance, as it should be (actors, action, mystery, jokes, sadness etc. ). I enjoyed this, from start to an end, and that END, oh my...
This movie is great* Unpredictable
*Great actions
*Enough and suitable fun dialogs
*Different and many Heroes without any clutter *Very Logical battles (by attention to type of movie) *Include Love , Courage , Fear , Fun , Sad , Hope ,This movie is great* Unpredictable*Great actions*Enough and suitable fun dialogs*Different and many Heroes without any clutter *Very Logical battles (by attention to type of movie) *Include Love , Courage , Fear , Fun , Sad , Hope , disappointment emotions and moments and this variety by many paradox is great… Expand
...It’s really hard to talk about this movie without giving everything or something HUGE away. What I can tell you is the bare basics of what you will be witnessing. And that is as follows: Everything you’ve seen, everything you know, is...It’s really hard to talk about this movie without giving everything or something HUGE away. What I can tell you is the bare basics of what you will be witnessing. And that is as follows: Everything you’ve seen, everything you know, is wrong. Your expectations are wrong. You are not prepared for what this movie has to throw at you. YOU’RE NOT. I surely wasn’t; I found myself realizing my mouth was gaped open multiple times. Avengers: Infinity War is the cultivation of everything Marvel has built and it executed it almost flawlessly. There are only two flaws that can be found here. One, the pacing is a bit wonky at parts, as scenes cut away and tones can be shifted. Two, some characters don’t get the spotlight that you might want them to. But these flaws are easily forgiven. As this movie delivers on EVERYTHING. The action is exceptional. The emotion is POWERFUL. The music by Silvestri hits you in the gut with every note. The story is at odds, taking turns in ways that you will never see coming, not even with clairvoyance. Now, I can’t say much, but what I will say, is that Josh Brolin has given us, quite possibly, one of the greatest villains in cinematic history. He is scary, compassionate, charismatic, but most of all, empathetic. The Russo Brothers also directed their asses off and made their best work yet. That’s all I can really say. You need to go into this movie blind like I did, because by the end you won’t know what’s coming next, you'll be speechless. So until the next Avengers movie arrives, I’ll watch it, then watch it again, because it’s the only movie we got for a while.… Expand
i have waited for it like others thinking about it every daywas sweet and hard but it was a little disappointing it was in rush you watch about two hours and at end you think it was just thirty minuets it's not a fault it just needs endgamei have waited for it like others thinking about it every daywas sweet and hard but it was a little disappointing it was in rush you watch about two hours and at end you think it was just thirty minuets it's not a fault it just needs endgame to complete it's not a single movie half of a very big film… Expand
Thanos is a treat to watch. I think he was just as good a movie villain, if not better, as Heath Ledger's Joker in The Dark Knight. It delivers on the promise of the first Avengers in spectacular fashion. Thanos and Tony Stark's confrontation in this movie is symbolic for adversaries who were "cursed with knowledge" ever since Avengers 2012. Even if Endgame was never made, Infinity War ends on such a powerful note that you could consider it your canonical end to the MCU if you so wished. I'm so glad that such a crossover event happened in my lifetime.… Expand
once again, the Russos prove how well they can juggle a large ensemble cast with everyone being given something to do. Thanos is an awesome villian and this is really his movie. great action scenes and a heart breaking ending
This is the biggest entertainment extravaganza I have ever witnessed. It was the first MCU film I was really hyped for, and it fulfilled all my expectations and exceeded some of them. ..Good : Most of the MCU films are good to watch and areThis is the biggest entertainment extravaganza I have ever witnessed. It was the first MCU film I was really hyped for, and it fulfilled all my expectations and exceeded some of them. ..Good : Most of the MCU films are good to watch and are not boring, and I like most of them. Some are really tiresome to watch. But no matter how good they are, except for few, they are worth watching 4 or 5 times. I watched this movie more than 9 times now. It's my most favorite MCU film. It got everything right. The characterizations might be a bit different, but all of characters do feel like the same characters we have known so far. The seemingly different tones of various films are smoothly converged with one another. They still have their own vibe, but totally fit in this film as well. The story feels very huge and it was told perfectly. The three main plotlines could've been three different films, but they are coherently put together to make the complete plot of the movie. Vision and Wanda have been written very well, I cared for them for the first time. Thanos is a great villain in the genre, with different layers to him and total likeable. You don't want him to succeed, but still you'll want him to. Even though it is about saving the universe, except possibly for Strange, it is none of the heroes' primary concern. All the actors have given great performances. Even the music is very good. The ending, the cliché dodge in the end, makes it one of the most ambitious, yet wildly successful film. It has high drama, escalating emotions and intensity that has never been seen in the genre before. ..Mixed : The ending would've worked more than it did, had they not announced a bunch of film to be released after Infinity War, prior to its release. Also, sometimes it feels like it is jumping from plotline to plotline. Not that it makes it incomprehensible, but just a nitpicky complaint. It probably couldn't have been done better. It still doesn't feel like different films taking place. Just before every jump, we were enjoying the hell out of this film. So, the jump feels like a quick sting in the head. ..Bad : It's not a spoiler to say that Hulk was not used properly in this film. It probably will be explained in Endgame, but it felt a little pointless to me. And, there is a gigantic continuity error with the Guardian films. Speaking of it would mean the spoilers. ..Conclusion : It's not perfect or anything like that. But is one hell of a film. Also, it is the first and only successful kind of the film it was. Of course, you will need to watch the 18 films that came prior to it, and it does not dwell into the things the previous films addressed. But, even if it was the first MCU film you watched and had a bunch of questions, you'll definitely enjoy at least a little bit of it. It's that damn good. For the people who like most MCU films, it's a f**king blast. There's no way you won't like it. ..Rating. ..Score : absolute 10/10Grade : A+… Expand
fantastic movie. hardly to choose between 8/10 and 9/10. Good animations and a good story. The heroes get their screen time they deserve
it was really good, thanos looked really good compared to the previous version of himself. was a really satisfying conclusion to the mcu. exited for endgame
So good, with so much going on, I had to see it 3 times in theater to capture it all. I especially loved they had the confidence to go with the ending they did. Simply fantastic.
The opera prima of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, this movie brings all the previously developed characters of The Avengers together to face the greatest threat to the entire universe: The Mad Titan, Thanos. Portrayed beautifully by JoshThe opera prima of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, this movie brings all the previously developed characters of The Avengers together to face the greatest threat to the entire universe: The Mad Titan, Thanos. Portrayed beautifully by Josh Brolin, this character steals the show. What we expected to be a purely evil all-powerful villain surprises us with humanity and emotion. On the side of the heros, we see desperation as Thanos himself and its minions begin gathering the infinity stones with the aim of wiping half of the universe. We can see the heroes struggle with a villain that is obviously too much for them.This is the best MCU movie of all time and this is the one the Oscar should go to.… Expand
This movie is amazing and it shows how much love was put into it. Please watch and support this film.
The ultimate comic book movie to leave you in shock. Every character gets good screen time and Thanos is the best Marvel villain yet. You will be shook.
Film exageré,spider-man a un amure, capitaine america n’a plus de bouclier plus de masque et plus d’étoile.Le film respecte bien l’histoire de Thanos et ça quête.Josh Brolin nous ofre un Thanos réaliste émouvant et spectaculaire,toute uneFilm exageré,spider-man a un amure, capitaine america n’a plus de bouclier plus de masque et plus d’étoile.Le film respecte bien l’histoire de Thanos et ça quête.Josh Brolin nous ofre un Thanos réaliste émouvant et spectaculaire,toute une performance d’acteur.L’humour est trop présente et viens cassé l’ambiance.Trop d’action pour rien.Certains personnages n’auraient pas du mourir. En tout cas,les frères Russo ont intérêt a faire du bien meilleur boulot pour Avengers endgame.… Expand
